Or maybe this film will inspire you to help others.
The take on lawyers is also superb.
His character is more malevolent than usual.
This is easily the most underrated film inn the Brooks cannon.
Many of the jokes fall flat.
This is not the typical Mel Brooks film.
It rates a 7.
Yes its an art.
to successfully make a slow paced thriller.
The story unfolds in nice volumes while you do not even notice it happening.
Fine performance by Robin Williams.
The direction is good.
Use of lights to achieve desired affects of suspense and unexpectedness is good.
Williams returns to New York.
A scene or two establishing their relationship might have helped set the stage.
She is that good.
I liked the film.
I especially liked the opening scene which had a semi truck in it.
A very tense action scene that seemed well done.
Also the film is funny is several parts.
I also liked how the evil guy was portrayed too.
I would give the film an 8 out of 10.
I enjoyed The Night Listener very much.
Robin Williams gives one of his best performances.
Sandra Oh adds a wonderful comic touch.
Everyone is very believable.
I wonder if some of the more disturbing images were cut from the movie.
Do not be sucker punched by the previews and ads.
See The Night Listener because you want to see a good story told well.
If you go expecting Hitchcock you will be disappointed.
My only complaint with the movie was the ending.
I can guarantee you that you have never seen this kind of movie before.
This is no americanized movie.
Neither is it a predictable movie.
I just kept waiting for it to get better.
Something that makes you jump off your seat.
I will leave it at that.
Toni Collette also stars.
The production felt rushed and holes are apparent.
It certainly feels like a preview for a much more complete and better effort.
The book is probably better.
I found that there were so many perfect choices made.
and for the last number of years.
This Night Listener is better than people are generally saying.
Give it a shot.
This is the token moody period Gothic horror entry from the bunch.
A real campy hoot.
Watch it with plenty of popcorn and soda in a darkened room.
An act for which he got caught and death penalty sentenced.
This has got to be a unique twists of two genres of ever seen.
The giant monster movie genre with the living mummy movie genre.
This unique blend makes for a unique and compelling story.
The acting was wonderful.
I give THE FALLEN ONES 9 OUT OF 10.
It looked as if the other actors were only playing to her strong performance.
The charismatic Miller delivery and timing were impeccable and believable.
I am sure this movie will always be in my top 5.
The acting is superb.
I do not think anyone could have a better job than Kate.
Titanic is the greatest movie of the 21st Century.
There is nothing wrong with this movie.
Apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time.
The script is better than average and the production overall of a high standard.
It just fails to engage the viewer particularly at key moments.
95 would be an acceptable price for the film.
Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it.
Not that Titanic has none of that.
But the reason Titanic works is that it is such an emotional ride.
And look at the top ten grossing films of all time.
And this movie made 1.
8 BILLION DOLLARS worldwide.
It can not be bad.
no one will remember it in 50 years.
It was so touching and beautiful.
I strongly recommend seeing for all.
Could they ever replace such an epic masterpiece.
It will be almost impossible.
The director no doubt had the major impact on the film.
The movie creates an amazing visual and a wonderful feeling.
Everything looks very real and live.
The acting was the real effect.
No one could have done better.
They are partly the reason why the film is so great.
I guess it is not too much to talk about.
I will also say that the last five minutes were very moving.
It was all over the news and one of the biggest tragedies ever.
In the end you can have your eyes dropping rainstorms or silent tears.
The story is simple and it works.
She calls and tells her tale on the RMS Titanic.
Everything about the story works and there are very few flaws.
Rose almost commits suicide but the Gilbert Grape star rescues her.
I really liked the hanging over the boat scene.
It was a good risk.
However I think it is unfair to say that they are terrible actors.
Titanic is a classic.
When the movie came out people flocked to the theaters.
It was safe to say we were obsessed and for good reason.
They trusted each other.
They sure as hell are giving Romeo and Juliet a run for their money.
It really blows my mind when someone says they hate this movie.
For me personally this film goes down in my top four of all time.
He sees a story and adds a strange quality to the film.
But Titanic is so much different to his other strokes of brilliance.
The music has become iconic and legendary.
My heart will not go on from this one.
Jack and Rose return to the top deck.
Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma.
He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI.
The decor is overwhelming.
One for the ages.
Everything of the time was very formal.
Men of the time generally smoked cigars not cigarettes.
Technically the film is very well done.
PEOPLE make the film a huge success.
I avoided watching this film for the longest time.
One of the girls spoke about this movie.
I shared my feelings with my fellow judges.
The movie must have done something right to get her so interested.
Then it finally appeared on Pay TV.
My high school public speaking contestant was right.
The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world.
This is truly an excellent movie.
It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.
I will gladly side with the majority this time around.
And they are too embarrassed now to admit it.
in all the same places.
You look like an out of touch cynic.
No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults.
Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation.
James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic.
How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me.
I was utterly transfixed.
This film is one memorable scene after another.
Titanic leaving port in Southampton.
The screams of the doomed after she went down.
And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears.
And the love theme was beautiful and tragic.
The film was made with such humanity.
This is a movie teenagers should watch.
Maybe that way they will start appreciating the value of family again.
He should be offered more serious roles.
This movie can be appreciated by people of all ages.
Because it portrays the values that are important in life.
It just may be haunted.
A crucial problem occurs at the beginning of the film.
The tracking and the cuts need to be slow.
The performances help create tension.
But neither menace is really the point.
The point is human relationships.
There are a number of character arcs that are very interesting.
How disappointing to have it end.
Every character was important and did a fabulous job carrying their role.
I would have loved to see each character develop over the years.
Yes it touched my heart.
Family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about.
ALL the actors portraying their characters did outstanding performances.
A must see for those who care about their families.
The cinematography deserves every accolade it has received over the years.
Anyone looking for real teens here is expecting too much.
I think this movie was way ahead of its time.
I have no doubt lesbians will identify with the characters here.
This is a film.
Fine acting and directing.
Watching this film made me remember my first love.
Highly recommended for all film lovers.
I plan on trying to get a copy of it myself to watch.
The story is very touching and I would recommend it to anyone.
This is a movie for the whole family despite its rating.
This is a movie I will show to my children.
She was such a great actor for being so little.
but she really seemed to be in character perfectly.
which is just so heartwarming after all the mishaps in the movie.
The two lead performances are believable and beguiling in their societal context.
This movie is the best film ever.
Little girl liked to be his granddaughter and King of Masks liked a grandson.
They were not conventional in real.
Every scene they were together was priceless.
The camera work is flawless and grips you.
The acting is inspired.
He played his helpful and kindhearted character extremely well.
I can not recommend this film enough.
The whole film is in loops.
Everything has a significance.
It just keeps changing its mood like its protagonist changes his face.
Last scene on the rope is phenomenal.
Story and script is flawless.
Both the protagonists are artists you can tell the way they have performed.
It was not even nominated for Oscars.
The young girl is an amazing talent.
The original Chinese dialog heightens the emotional intensity of the performances and the story.
What a wonderful film.
The acting is sublime.
The filming is pleasant and the environment is keenly realistic.
It seemed worthwhile to experience.
Acting is solid enough.
Thematically puerile but still rich enough to compliment the vehicle of its expression.
The story is absorbing.
The setting is serene and the costuming simple.
But do not get me started on that.
This movie was excellent.
A sad truth to how culture tends to clash with the sexes.
This is just one big warm fuzzy type of movie.
This equals on big happy movie in the end.
Bound to be in Oscar contention for best foreign film.
A welcome alternative to unsatisfying summer action movies.
And I think they did pretty well with this.
There are many stories inside this one.
An unexpected pleasure as I had heard nothing about this film.
Shameful since it warrants having a wider audience.
Solidly acted by the principals.
Master Wang is sold a son by a slave trader.
All is well as he joyfully prepares to pass down his art.
But the son eventually is found out to be a girl.
This is a wonderful film for children as well as adults.
Beautiful and touching movie.
I never saw such an interesting setting when I was in China.
This is probably my favorite movie of all time.
It is perfection in its storytelling.
Street entertainer catching the attention of famous opera star and friendship ensuing.
I was happy to see the Shaw Brothers are still producing good films.
The story is simple.
The faces of the actors are marvelous to see.
A round device that creates a wormhole.
It gives you the ability to travel to distant worlds.
I find that great.
Blockbuster has it rated as though it were an X rated movie.
This deserves a lot better treatment.
and the problems that ensue afterward.
The rest of the story is how the two manage after that.
This spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen.
I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough.
It may just change you forever once you have seen it.
It shows Taylor at the height of her beauty.
Thank goodness Dana Andrews is around to save the day.
One of my favorite guilty pleasures.
Atlantis is still going strong on its 4th seasons.
Such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought.
My parents took me to this movie when I was nine years old.
I have never forgotten it.
I had never before seen anything as beautiful as Elizabeth Taylor.
The soundtrack of the English version is also very good.
I wonder if they ever made a soundtrack album of that.
The subtleties are truly out of this world and the characterization is beyond brilliant.
I do have some complaints though.
Uneven in places but still a lot of fun.
Or couch for that matter either.
I am very picky with my selections.
Stick with it and you will see what I'm talking about.
Then went and bought both acts.
They were even better than I had experienced at first.
Hope it is not lost.
They had to be that good to play that demented.
I like it and recommend it for movie lovers of all ages.
I have not seen another movie like this.
You can not not be impressed by this movie.
A treat to all avid fans of Indian cinema.
A man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father.
Recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious Hindi films.
Till this movie was made there was no audience for documentaries in India.
Each one played their part par excellence.
His father is a harsh Police Constable.
His compromise towards unethical practice is negative.
Finally he gets suspended.
The Practical approach of Script is a major Punch.
Those aspects are dealt brilliantly.
Words fall short for this great work.
This movie has stood the test of times.
Thus this movie was truly a trend setter.
This trend dominated the Hindi movie scene for more than a decade.
This movie was a moderate box office hit.
This is a very good and a classic film.
Its also interesting how each character is practically the opposite of the other.
Id say though that it turned out just fine.
The Haunted World of Edward D.
Documentary about the infamous Edward D.
covering his life and movies.
There are interviews with people who worked with him or knew him.
Interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations.
Wood had ambitions but not a bit of talent to carry them out.
Still it is of interest if you are a Wood fan.
I loved this film.
Not being a swooning Ed Wood Jr.
could not be condensed to a single viewpoint.
This collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get.
Best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater.
The film puts the atrocity into context of the time.
It also shows the savagery of the soldiers on the day of the atrocity.
An excellent and accurate film.
McGovern takes great pains to research and document his writing and it pays off.
Never before seen such a sick and twisted thing.
The Story is good and the actors do their thing very well.
It just all theoretically possible and exciting.
7 or 8 out of 10.
I do not want to give away too much.
The pilot is extremely well done.
It lays out how the characters bond in future episodes.
I do not think anyone could have created a better pilot for this show.
It displays remarkable creativity on the writers part.
I would love to get a copy of it.
Thanks for the assistance.
It just seemed to be believable.
thanks for the hours of entertainment you have provided over the years.
Proper grammar and pronunciation are essential to a film.
However Abby has other plans of her own.
There are also various assorted body parts.
for those with the stomach.
The atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling.
Well its about time.
At the start of the episode the couple are having a conversation.
Abbey has caught Cliff cheating and he is desperately trying to win her back.
And this is just the setup people.
A man and his wife get in a horrible car accident.
My apologies to him for my underestimation.
but this is easily the best episode of the season.
but they may someday end up being masters in the future.
I liked this one a lot.
Do NOT watch whilst eating pudding.
But the fun is in the journey.
then you want a thriller.
This is a romantic comedy.
This is a really old fashion charming movie.
And While You Were Sleeping.
The rest of the cast is fun.
And that is what makes it fun to watch.
The two leads always have to get together.
I liked all the NY characters and I loved the locations.
then this is for you.
This was a great movie.
Her smile is radiant and her beauty can not be disguised.
I do not understand the comments that there was no chemistry between them.
I guess we see what we want to see.
I think you will like it.
A beautiful postcard of New York.
My teenagers liked it too.
This film told a story that felt comfortable but not old or done.
The ending came with a twist which we all liked too.
I recommend it and we need more of these films to watch.
Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD SEE IT.
I caught this film at a test screening.
Was very surprised to find a really sweet and fun story.
Takes place in the best locations in New York.
Made me want to go there.
It was clean and great for whole family.
I think it will do well.
Audience I saw it with loved it.
He sure can and is likable in this movie.
I just can not understand the negative comments about this film.
Thanks Fox for producing it.
The actor who played Jesus was miscast.
I would love to buy the CD.
There are few films or movies I consider favorites over the years.
The Gospel road was one of them.
Besides I am a Johnny Cash fan and it was a brave venture.
I came out surprised and very amused.
She had amazing comedic timing.
And its depiction of contemporary L.
Never before has a movie made L.
We already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre.
I think it had it all.
It made me laugh out loud over a dozen of times.
I think it is a shame it only scored 5.
This had a good story.
it had a nice pace and all characters are developed cool.
Good job in writing.
This is a great film.
I agreed to watch a chick flick and some how ended up with this.
Actually my vote is a 7.
Rock won with his movie.
overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much.
a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess.
The characters are all funny.
They work together very well.
The real match up is Paul Rudd and Lake Bell.
Over Her Dead Body was a nice little movie.
I do not see how this movie was bad.
I could have dealt with a 5.
I have always looked forward to new episodes with great anticipation.
Snafu shorts were actually quite funny.
It stands up as one of the best of the Private Snafu shorts.
The setting is an Army camp.
This is a highly effective piece of work.
A good way to lose a war is demoralize the enemy.
This cartoon may be 65 years old but it sure has relevance today.
People forget that war could have easily wound up with the other side winning.
It was a tense time.
A surprise emotional ending.
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved.
Especially the opening moments are terrific.
Egon in the meanwhile goes to college and settles with a woman.
The movie is chronological in a way.
A surprise emotional ending.
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved.
But after few episodes I became a fan.
Struggling to the end when all hope is lost.
This is as authentic a scene you can get in rural India.
All said and done this is one good Movie.
although other movies are not far behind.
one man that will never ever disappoint you.
The sets were also pretty good.
And that is when the problems start.
She is sure to win awards for this heated portrayal.
This picture has everything any movie could ever have.
Yet he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance.
The movie is not without its share of realism.
Then things go terribly wrong.
Her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotion is simply incredible.
The movie was disturbing at moments.
What is most ironic is this is probably her weakest written role to date.
The other good performance was the little kid.
The movie was probably saved desperately by their performances.
This disc is NOT for the faint of heart.
This is the Who at their most powerful.
The Original Drum and Bass.
This concert footage for me is one of their best.
The crowed went wild.
not to mention acting like an Old West gunslinger.
His great vision and creativity really helped this film.
Some of the camera shots in the film were done very well.
I certainly will not be raving about the story of this film.
The dialect and lifestyle details are accurately reminiscent of this region of the Philippines.
I played it a zillion times during Spring 1993 with my friend Andrew.
Then Streets of Rage 2 came out.
And we quickly forgot that this one even existed.
You even have the chance to become Mr.
Streets of Rage also has truly fantastic music.
Easy to get into and hard to put down.
Baddies often walk away from you instead of engaging in combat.
This is especially infuriating with the Level 5 boss.
Lack of combo moves.
Lack of decent weapons.
Bad guy models are repeated far too often.
Davis as Major General George S.
And sometimes not even then.
All i hear about is how poorly the animation is done.
I hope for a sequel very soon.
I do not think Lady Death would transfer well to film.
Then she seeks revenge.
and the rest you better see it from the movie.
If the movies got anymore awesome.
I would have her babies.
And I am female.
Read the comics you will not regret it.
Yes in this movie since Brian P.
the artist for her died we do not get nearly as good artistic work.
Different Strokes for different folks as the saying goes.
Why everyone else hates that is beyond me.
Character development was fine.
I like how they brought the transition from Hope to Lady Death around.
his dark bruiting style was perfect for this kind of movie.
Gotta find a copy somewhere.
I would have preferred that New Yorker Films had translated the title directly.
This film has renewed my interest in French cinema.
All these incidents cause other events that .
But then this is the magic world of cinema.
Stranger things have happened.
The subtitles quite annoyingly gave both parts of a dialog at once.
This occurs in the first few minutes of the film.
All of that is interesting enough.
That kept me guessing for a while.
A chance meeting at the metro sets the tone for the film.
The best part of the movie comes with about 20 minutes left.
The ending to this movie is top notch.
Some folks might think that was an improvement.
These psychological thrillers are less entertainment than some kind of remote therapy.
This one is a pip.
Meanwhile the rest of the family schemes to sabotage the romance.
The results are predictable.
You get a little bit of everything in this movie.
Sexual tension between the sisters.
A little subtle masochism.
One or two of the actors sound vaguely familiar.
The acting is so bad it is hard to believe.
It was shot in and around LA mostly at night and probably without permits.
The end was so bizarre that I thought it was a joke.
That hilarious line is typical of what these naughty sisters say.
The other is got up to look like Marilyn Monroe.
All three sisters are played by starlets.
He had something of a career.
He also is shown sopping wet in a swimsuit.
The movie is not bad.
I truly do not know where it was shown.
The women are scantily dressed.
But the guy seems to be the central focus.
And I think the audience is meant to also.
Make sure to catch it when broadcast.
The perplexing ending is actually quite consistent with the rest of the film.
and I DO mean it.
But rarely a movie worth watching is actually rated under 6.
The movie is not perfect.
Its true rating should be an 8 or a 9.
The best reason to watch was on the Elvira show a few years back.
Elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can.
I was around 7 when I saw this movie first.
Most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm.
I saw it at a midnight screening in L.
You are the best.
Stargate is the best show ever.
All the actors are absolutely perfect for there roles.
I love the connection between the characters.
If you have not seen this show I very highly recommend it.
Vote 7 and half out of 10.
Instead these guys fight to the death with brutal results.
Several horses get chopped up.
The production is very impressive and the setting is bleak.
Just remember it is not child friendly.
Sadly this has not been true of the films he has made in Hollywood.
I used to LOVE this movie when I was little and I still do.
And It proves that love and friendship can never be destroyed.
This show has been my escape from reality for the past ten years.
I will sadly miss it.
Although Atlantis has filled the hole a small bit.
Robert wrote something that felt close to reality.
From episode one I was hooked.
It has inspired me to do many things that I thought was impossible.
I never want the show to die.
The voice acting for me was what made the movie.
I found it more interesting than that.
This movie has to be my favorite of all time.
or at least I hope that his movies sucked because of these limitations.
This movie is banned in just about every foreign country I can think of.
Just 3 men torturing a woman for about 45 minutes.
The worst is the eye scene.
So I popped this sucker in and sat down.
This ended up not being the case.
The film fails to shock.
The characters had become stale as well.
Colonel Jack O'Neill was the stereotypical hero with emotional baggage.
only allowing his close friends in.
Amanda Tapping joined the cast as Captain Samantha Carter.
Christopher Judge has done quite a bit with a limited character.
He is also a rock.
Davis has done an incredible job with Hammond making him sympathetic and normal.
If not allowed by his superiors to provide troops to support teams off world.
He will go himself.
This gave him confidence.
He still monitors the groups ethics.
He still is lead at providing information that can move any mission forward.
Definitely different from her soldier like character Arin Soon.
I have seen all the guinea pigs and this one is easily the best.
Another movie I'm hiding from my parents.
This movie has no story.
Although I was disgusted by this movie i really liked it.
I guess it fills some kind of purpose.
I have seen the short movie a few years ago.
After that I watch all sequels.
I have already watch the making of Guinea Pig 1.
Also the sequels are excellent in the special effects.
however the scenes with the pinching and the hot oil look very real.
My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Films.
I'm writing this review because I love the Guinea Pig films.
I have seen it all.
from every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster.
This review is for the Devils Experiment.
I find it devoid of story which is fine by me.
The Devils Experiment not only delivers but that is all it is.
Why do people bash it.
It make em feel better about themselves.
We all want blood and gore.
My view is biased cause were releasing them but then again it is not.
The Devils Experiment is NOT for everybody.
What happens next was always unpredictable.
They are simply fun to watch.
Just the ultimate masterpiece in my opinion.
It just keeps getting better and better.
Definitely worth a shot.
You are never sure of who is exactly who in this movie.
This is both a quality and a drawback of the script.
As the movie ends you feel that the story lacks a bit of consistency.
But all this is largely compensated by the excellent psychological development.
This is definitely one of the best movies about gambling.
all the while building the story.
I enjoyed this show for two reasons 1.
Richard Dean Anderson 2.
The chemistry between all the main characters is just tremendous.
This relationship carries over into the program we get to see.
You watch the others roll their eyes in dismay at some of his utterances.
He understands what to do without having to think about the matter.
The quality declined markedly in seasons 9 and 10.
Amanda Tapping was phoning in her performances these two seasons.
You could see her greatly changed appearance after having a baby.
She was probably thinking more about the child than the show.
The major characters lack the chemistry of the cast of the original.
The use of torches for illumination in these ships is just as bad.
I wondered about some of the continuity on the show too.
The patient was in on the con from the beginning.
This is very nearly a perfect film.
It has a definite Hitchcock slant to it.
ten year later perhaps.
Here she gets involved with Joe Mantegna.
I loved this series at first.
I thought it was all brilliant.
I loved them all.
Not a big deal.
It is a worthy successor to this brilliant series.
Davis died a few weeks ago.
It is a great loss.
House of Games is spell binding.
There are few movies I have seen that can grip you so quickly.
From the opening scene this movie just gets you.
From the moment the movie is over it begs to be replayed.
Joe Mantegna was also wonderful.
At least in the beginning.
With the arrival of Mantegna things pick up.
The camera is very cinematic.
The best chunk is in the middle.
I will admit the setup is pretty improbable.
To say anything more about the plot would ruin the suspense.
Some have complained that Dr.
House of Games is a wonderful movie at multiple levels.
It is a fine mystery and a shocking thriller.
At this level it does succeed admirably.
House of Games sticks to its business.
As usual you really ought to see this film in a movie theater.
It should be a natural for film festivals.
Nominate it for one near you if you get the chance.
Better she should see it on a TV than not at all.
An extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings.
And nothing is what it seems.
I will watch it again and again.
Bruce is a guy who is unhappy with his life.
God comes to Bruce and grants him Godly powers.
Bruce uses these powers to get everything he has always wanted.
This movie was inspirational and deep.
This is one of those movies that they did too much promoting for.
If you watch T.
Just do not go see this movie expecting to be surprised.
I absolutely loved this movie.
It met all expectations and went beyond that.
It also had a message.
This movie had me laughing and crying.
It also sends a message that we should all know and learn from.
If you liked liar liar you will love this movie.
What better comic genius to remind us of that than Jim Carry.
Morgan Freeman was just right as God.
My biggest complaint is that they should have used more biblical references.
Bruce Almighty was enjoyable.
Eight out of ten stars.
The only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times.
I laughed out loud and left with a smile.
This movie is very entertaining though.
The movie is a great combination of comedy and typical romance.
In fact all the characters are great.
His character is like all of us.
Morgan Freeman made a great God.
I laughed my ASS off during Liar Liar and Ace Ventura.
Morgan Freeman makes a VERY cool God.
A very funny movie.
It was definitely worth the price of admission.
He was both funny and sad.
I am glad they made a sequel to this film.
God confronts him and show Bruce the error of his ways.
The deleted scenes are priceless.
And it is really funny.
This coherence gives the show exceptional staying power.
I found this highly amusing.
Enter the flagrant abuse of powers for personal gain and to abuse the enemies.
China O'Brien returns home to help out her dad.
Maybe they emphasize too much the lesson that has to be learned.
I found it to be better than the short story it was based on.
The two try to learn a way to save her.
The ending is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touching.
Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why.
A nice story with a heartwarming conclusion.
And the first 20 minutes of the film only heightened that feeling of anticipation.
It has said that The Movies and Baseball both thrived during The Great Depression.
The literature of the time also flourished at all levels.
There were mediums that were ancestral to them.
The other direct ancestor was the Pulp Magazine.
Each of them was an expert in a given field.
We are also puzzled about Mr.
I can remember seeing it quite vividly.
It explains a lot of the stuff that the movie neglected to mention.
That was only the beginning of the adventure.
Unlock the gate and step through.
Ron Ely is just right as Doc.
Doc Savage does not have the extensive location work that Raiders has.
The best way to approach this film is to just RELAX and enjoy.
Overall a great movie to watch on a rainy day.
I give it 7 out of 10.
But they are very close to the feel of the pulps.
This is a VERY entertaining movie.
IT WAS NOT MADE THAT WAY.
All of the actors are obviously having fun while entertaining us.
The actors were not trying to emulate Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan.
This is NOT one of those martial arts films.
An unmissable treat for the whole family.
Ron Ely is a God.
Somerset Maugham stories which comprise the film.
The performances and attention to detail were wonderful to watch.
Both have a rather large number of somewhat cheesy accents and wonderful character actors.
The children ARE a bit tedious and could have been edited.
Again the author introduces the film and the stories.
Soon he has a whole chain of stores.
I will not describe the way Max rises to the occasion.
Culver watches as three stories among these characters play out to their conclusions.
The film ends after the court sums up.
This film delivers an effective story that stays with you once it has finished.
He betrays everything and everybody without an ounce of remorse.
The performance is one of the most chilling performances I have ever seen.
I still can not get over it.
But here she proves she up to the task of heavier drama.
Knox as the Nazi is brilliant.
He charts the course of a Nazi career.
the movie really shines in a couple of areas.
The phone conversation across the border is really memorable.
He has taken the bus to visit his son Norman is Los Angeles.
So RF attempts to reach his wife in Mexico.
I will kill him.
It ends less predictably than you would think.
There was so much that was just off.
You can find the URL in my email address above.
Say what you will about schmaltz.
It is inspiring because it is about people of noble purpose.
It can not all be blamed on Mr.
I'm not comparing George Bush to Adolph Hitler.
The movie had me laughing from start to finish.
and have no profile at all today.
It is very funny and YES very rude and hilariously all wrong.
Just as it should be.
I wish there were more films like this.
Entertaining if a little on the long side.
I found the movie and the performances fun and enjoyable.
Williams is a jewel.
There are a lot of laughs in the process.
Melvyn Douglas proved again that he had few peers in light comedy.
Joan Blondell was at the peak of her career and is a delight.
This movie is very good.
The screenplay is enchanting.
Her performance is excellent.
She brings me to go into the heart of her role.
Paul Lukas plays the very earnest and decent head of his family.
but the dialog is just bad at times.
but that is really about all.
I believe they were telling the truth the whole time.
U cant trust anything in the wild.
They family went through hell.
Those poor boys too young to understand what was going on around them.
As well as dealing with the lose of their little sister.
I cant believe this case went on for so long.
I think everyone should watch this.
8 out of 10.
Religious bigotry is rampant everywhere.
Australia is not immune to it.
This is a very moving motion picture with a terrific cast of actors.
Those with supporting roles are also quite good.
You will remember this movie for many years.
and they deliver in every way.
A CRY IN THE DARK far exceeded my expectations.
A Cry in the Dark is likewise clinical.
What followed was a gross miscarriage of justice.
The whole country was abuzz with whispers of a ritual killing.
A very good effort by the master of that trade.
A strong Aussie cast lend compelling support.
Truly a must for all conscientious Australians.
I found it hard to like anyone in this film.
What is infuriating is that it is not that difficult.
It is difficult enrapture an audience when you purposely deny them insights into yourself.
The story behind the movie is fascinating in and of itself.
The cast just makes it that much more appealing.
Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was inspiring.
I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations.
A pretty good film.
Their is more to the plot but you can find that out for yourself.
Not everyone goes into wild melodramatic hysterics to every major crisis.
It captured the themes of the story brilliantly.
Where this really stands out is the acting.
The performances are excellent.
There is some moderate to strong language and disturbing content in this.
I recommend this to any fellow fan of such.
Lindy Chamberlain was this woman.
She is subsequently arrested and put on trial.
Only after years in jail was he exonerated.
This is one of those movies.
It proves that people are the same the world over.
You will probably get blown away just by what you see here.
I really felt for her when Lindy was being persecuted.
It turned out to be better than I had anticipated.
Paul Lukas was certainly deserving of his Oscar.
Bette Davis shines brilliantly as the great actress and beauty she was.
Some movies seem to be made before we are ready for them.
Today these circuses have become common but that makes the lesson only more important.
The Aussie accents get a bit thick at times but not incomprehensible.
ROLL is a wonderful little film.
Parts of it reminded me of LOCK STOCK AND TWO SMOKING Barrels.
I really want to visit Australia one day.
Some of the best filmmakers in the are Australian.
The cinematography in ROLL was especially impressive.
I loved the stylized colors and lighting in many of the scenes.
Mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day.
Toby and Damien were well cast together and did an outstanding job.
And then things go wrong.
I have just watched Roll and what a pleasure it turned out to be.
Watch out for these two.
I am of course kidding.
He feels that FDR connived the U.
Paul Lukas deserved the Oscar he won.
They are moneyed people who could silently advance evil simply by not opposing it.
i will keep checking in.
it also has some of the same delicacy and persistent poignancy.
The previous reviewer has said it exactly.
I still remember some of the scenes.
I recall going to the library researching all that I could on this story.
I even wrote to the PBS station for more information.
There was one other bidder but I was determined to win this movie.
The losing bidder wrote me asking for a copy which I gave her.
Almost 30 years later I recall this original PBS film as almost unbearably tender.
Bo and Luke Duke help Uncle Jesse run Moonshine in the General Lee.
Coltrane was way too serious.
Back to the movie.
The real star is of course the General Lee.
The car chases and stunts are excellent and that is really what D.
And I really enjoyed this flick.
I enjoyed myself here a lot more than I did with other summer blockbusters.
And as far as the plot goes.
It was the perfect Dukes plot.
And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe.
In the movie Roscoe is a little.
I saw this movie when I was a child.
It blew me away.
I would recommend this movie to any and everyone.
The color was outstanding.
I even liked most of the actors in it.
Davis they would be laughed off the screen.
The possible exception is Now Voyager.
I absolutely adore this film.
Some of the back story on this production is fascinating.
This is a beautiful movie filled with adventure.
The Genii in the bottle is a classic scene.
I loved every minute of it.
A fantastic Arabian adventure.
He collects amazing toys from around the world.
And the scene with the giant spider looks especially awful.
But it is not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions.
Also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet.
Of course good gets a little help from an unlikely source.
Not a bad message to be sending out in 1940 at that.
Everything is rushed as if they has to suddenly get to the end.
Probably the finest fantasy film ever made.
Doubtless Spielberg and Lucas were enthralled by this one.
Every frame has its own magical charm.
Here is a film that will never grow old.
I have never passed up an opportunity to watch it throughout the intervening years.
This remarkable picture ranks as one of the finest fantastic films of all time.
8 out of 10.
Here is a villain worth watching.
The rest of the cast do fine work.
The two escape and take a boat to the city of Basra.
Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden.
Then he is captured.
The Prince has fallen into a sleep and nothing can wake her.
He does awaken her.
His first is for sausages.
He has the genie take him to Ahmad.
Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess.
She smells a flower and forgets everything at once.
The production designs are just stunning in this movie.
From the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter.
The music and songs are also well done.
A wonderful film highlighting American positive propaganda against a wicked foe.
Rex Ingram made me believe in genies.
He set the bar very high.
I watch this movie at least twice a year.
and never tire of it.
This film is an adventure for all ages.
I was ten years old the first time I saw it and the U.
was just about to enter WWII.
Yet they fit into the story well.
The effects fit with the script.
Everything is just so beautiful.
The sets are beautiful.
Those effects still work their charm.
The giant genie is ably acted by Rex Ingram.
Butler and Tom Howard.
Both men had long and distinguished careers in technical wizardry.
This is one of the best of its kind.
I have to agree with MR.
Lillian was actually months ahead of her time with this work.
Lukas fought in Spain on the Republican side and was wounded there.
His health has not been the same since.
His family loyally supports him in whatever decision he makes.
Those decisions affect all the other members of the cast.
The MGM art and music departments also did a good job.
Also notice that Ms.
This is a most handsome film.
There is precious little in the story line that relates to actual events.
These web sites can be located by using any good search engine.
There are also several books available concerning his life history.
He was singing Jose in Carmen in San Francisco the night of the earthquake.
His acting is natural and genuine.
And why should it.
To say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest.
His contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost an afterthought.
The result was a wonderful movie.
I like it because of my recent personal experience.
Especially the ideas that everyone is free and that everything is finite.
The movie did a good job making this simple day a good memory.
Before Sunrise did not try to instill a specific thought into your head.
The end was not quite important after all.
Movies are supposed to be enjoyable.
This is an enjoyable movie and worth of your time to watch it.
I am on a journey too.
The movie somehow represented some part of me and answered some of my questions.
But will this newfound relationship last past sunrise.
I am now restless waiting for the weekend so I can see the sequel.
Will soften even the hardiest heart.
I'm not usually a fan of strictly romantic movies but heard this was good.
Easily the most romantic thing I have ever seen in my life.
The chemistry is flawless as is the writing and directing.
You can not look away nor can you stop listening to them.
Even the little moments just melt your heart.
On the train he met a French girl Celine.
Then the romantic story unfolded.
At first they were cautious.
The funniest scene was their listening to CD in music store.
Their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words.
Love is a strange thing.
Love needs mutual understanding.
Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.
Excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie.
One of the best romance movies.
the most amazing combination of love and psyche of two young people.
presented in the most sublime manner and definitely touches your heart.
the movie re affirms your faith in love and pain of separation.
the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and anything can be sacrificed.
A must see movie for all the people who believe in true love.
What the actors bring out is what becomes of them .
right or wrong even the idea bearers would find it difficult to justify.
This is a slow moving story.
I really mean that.
Still it did not ruin the movie.
The dialog is fascinating.
The build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding.
Krebs of the nineties.
I was totally satisfied with the outcome and everything else.
But it certainly spoke to me.
They must have improvised during some parts and it works well.
They have a great chemistry in their roles.
I get the feeling that this was a very personal work for Mr.
It definitely touched me and I hope it touches others just as much.
Of course my favorite character was the Grandmother played by Lucile Watson.
But I loved the way Betty Davis and her family was portrayed.
did not act like children in the slightest.
This movie is intelligent.
The actors play absolutely brilliantly.
Balancing on this fine line demands outrageously talented actors.
This is simply a gem of a movie that you can not miss.
The dialog is perfect.
They talk and fall in love.
This is a movie that ultimately benefits from more than one viewing.
See it and it may change your way of life.
i watched this movie 10 years ago.
and have watched it on video an average of once a year since.
We are too afraid to check that out.
It does not strike me as totally wrong.
Few can claim that.
It has dialog with bite in it.
And what it says is quite true.
It also has moments of near poetry.
Hellman could write very well at times.
Dialog and acting are great.
I love the characters and their ideas and thoughts.
But that is not the point.
Their story is what we ever wanted and probably most of us never reached.
This was so clever and touching.
I want to go to Vienna.
I want to see them as soon as possible again.
They are both masterpieces.
I'm sorry for my English which i m trying to best.
My vote is ten.
Before Sunrise is romance for the slacker generation.
Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna.
Before Sunrise is simultaneously beautiful and captivating.
Before Sunrise is what it is.
This movie focuses purely on watching the budding of a beautiful romance.
What makes this pairing so romantic is how real it is.
This is exactly they way you would dream that you meet that special someone.
It just adds to the feeling of romantic nirvana that the film suggests.
One can not help but be touched deeply by looking at this movie.
We have several dimensions of love that contributes to the value of this movie.
There is the divine love of God that is beautifully portrayed.
There is the love in a marriage.
He knows that he and his wife are one and can never be separated.
Talk to someone and let them know you love them.
Love does no good unless it is given to another.
this movie has a real feel to it.
Give this film your full attention and its message will truly inspire.
Her leftist views were not well regarded at the time in the country.
The adaptation is credited to Ms.
They are crossing the border to the United States from Mexico.
They are to continue toward Mrs.
We find out that Mr.
The film offers excellent acting all around.
This was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption.
Loved the film and it brought tears to my eyes.
A Vow to Cherish is a wonderful movie.
The main characters experience inner struggles and cope with extremely hard decisions.
I know that it may seem a bit idealistic.
Ken Howard is also memorable as the faithful husband.
But nobody forces you to do so.
The ending is very predictable but satisfying.
She displays a knack for comedy as well as an ability to do drama.
The mechanics of the film are a lot of fun too.
The camera displays sophisticated late silent techniques like mobility.
The title cards are also incredibly clever.
I remember seeing promos for this show before it appeared back in 1993.
I will tell you a tale of the summer of 1994.
Desmond Howl had it all.
Canadian cinema suffers from several problems.
who are now still trying to become adults.
and they are having such a hard time adjusting to a regular life.
as they see the new bands etc getting the spotlight.
it is almost like they have to begin anew.
and that is where I find the film sad and depressing.
and she is one lady in a film you will cheer for.
This is an almost perfect movie.
sad but in a way positive.
because of the whales.
I do not know why.
I was in a bad frame of mind when I first saw this movie.
I was amazingly impressed by this movie.
He finds a companion who comes with her own issues.
Des is an unlikely character by todays standards of a rock star.
Yet he has musical genius.
Claire is the streetwise kid that needs a place to stay.
She finds hidden talents while being in Des company.
She also finds a mutual friend that accepts her.
She learns to trust him over a period of time.
These two find love with one another.
two of them in fact.
The bailiff comes by to tell her that she is in a huge debt.
I thought my jawbones would burst.
The acting was outstanding in this movie.
He just cracks me up.
Watch this movie if you ever get a chance.
This is an hilarious movie.
It can also make you laugh so hard your health will improve.
I love this film.
Either would have killed the film completely.
The music was good though not great but filled out the movie nicely.
Her dearly departed has left her with no money and outstanding debts.
Craig Ferguson is equally amiable as Matthew.
The film is thoroughly likable and always amusing.
The supporting cast also does a fine job.
The premise alone is appealing.
And the film plays around with the premise wisely every now and then.
You just might feel more than a little festive after seeing it.
This light hearted comedy should be enjoyed for entertainment value.
The cast of characters meld well together and are quite believable in their roles.
How Grace handles meeting her dead husbands girlfriend was well played.
The last five minutes cost it 2 points in my rating.
I saw Saving Grace right after it came out on video.
The characters are what makes the movie so good.
You will love it.
This film was brilliant.
It was beautifully acted in the more serious scenes and the funny moments were .
I just thought it was excellent and I still do.
Sisters in law will be released theatrically on march 24th in Sweden.
A good occasion for our Nordic friends to discover this original and thoughtful documentary.
Games with this much replay value are few and far between.
Super Mario 64 is undoubtedly the greatest game ever created.
but I hope to achieve them eventually.
The controls are great.
The Bowser fights are challenging.
good for playing in short bursts of time.
I heard that Luigi and Yoshi are in the game towards the end.
The characters are really great.
Especially for it is time.
I found the graphics in the water courses very very good.
This is my favorite part of the game.
Or at least one of the best.
It beats out mediocre Super Mario Sunshine any day.
I have played this game plenty of times and its good every time.
This game is amazing.
Although it is ancient now it was amazing when it came out.
I believe that this game will always be a classic.
You can spend four hours in one level.
You enter the world by going through a painting.
10 out of 10.
There is brief language in this.
I recommend this to any fan of romance stories.
I only hope this film gets a wide release in the United States.
My biggest criticism is the scenery.
It is far too lush.
England has never been like this.
It looks like a chocolate box.
Only Americans would make it like this.
Despite these criticisms I enjoyed this film but would recommend the TV adaptation more.
I wish she had read a little more.
She will hopefully be around for a real long time.
It is one of those old stories that are still accurate those days.
I specially like it when she sings a duet.
I thought you overqualified.
The film is though for some reason very entertaining and I loved it.
Her growing romance with the unparalleled Mr.
Knightly with his poise and nobility.
This is a powerful documentary about domestic abuse in the Cameroon.
And the movie they made deserves a wide audience.
a really enjoyable and deserving movie.
The acting is competent.
Emma is a true romance.
He makes and excellent romantic lead.
It enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary.
They nearly steal the show.
But it is with characters like Emma that she really shines.
And that is the magic of the movies.
Emma is that movie.
One of the beaten wives also is seeking a divorce.
The outcomes in each case are favorable to the women and children.
This is a highly important and well made film.
What a delightful film.
Toni Collette was great as Harriett Smith.
One of the most endearing characters I have come across in ages.
From one of the opening scenes when she is thanking Mr.
I hope that this film delights you all as much as it has myself.
I love this movie.
This movie is definitely on my top 10 list of good movies.
Make the World go away.
Get it off my shoulder.
Then they start to improve their live by hating away memories.
The sound effects during this were great.
Things really got weird at the end.
It just has to be seen.
the only word that sums up this movie is quirky.
8 out of ten.
I was in for a surprise.
without working that hard.
People complain about the movie being too simple or too boring.
The judges waste no time in lashing out at the woman with fury.
The two leads are great and really carry the film.
This should become a cult favorite.
I thought this was an awesome movie.
It was very weird and unrealistic.
The big cable company is mainly what I'm talking about.
Everything fit together well.
The plain white cover and title intrigued me.
it would have done very well indeed.
It had the audience laughing the whole time.
See it if you can.
I would love to write some more but am on quite a time limit.
However I encourage anyone and everyone to give this film a try.
They live in a strange looking house beneath two freeways.
They are left alone.
They have chemistry and also work very well.
Keep your eyes peeled for this guy.
but it won me over by the end.
just do not ask me to explain it.
And of course that is exactly what happens.
The rest of the story places Dave and Andrew in this world of nothingness.
The entire world of nothing is white.
white no matter in what direction you look.
This is the weakness of this film.
One of the best parts of the film is the set.
Nothing features digital visual effects and prosthetics that equals any modern horror film.
We do not know where they are or what has happened to them.
You will be glad you did.
But that is where even more problems begin.
Just say you hate it and why you hate it.
The direction of the mass scenes in the rehearsal rooms was enormously well done.
The story never really got lost in this frantic pace.
These sequences got a lot a chuckles from the audience as well.
All in all a great film with a sour ending.
The ice cream cone is invented in New York.
Got to be a new record.
And he could dance.
Basically he was a leading man in the body of a character actor.
Such energy and vitality.
I thought I was just going to be rewarded with a small headache.
One of the last releases before the Motion Picture Production Code was strictly enforced.
Gentility and morality made sure of it.
Chester has trouble with people trying to steal his ideas for his shows.
This is a very entertaining film with lots of comedy and plenty of laughs.
One of the best musicals ever.
I would love to know.
How anyone can say this is bad is beyond me.
I loved this show before I even saw it.
Jessica Alba and 3.
The girls are sure game.
They come up smiling with water in their eyes and still hit their marks.
The whole thing must have been incredibly difficult and exhausting.
a human picture forms of Franklin Roosevelt and the NRA eagle.
The movie is full of juicy clichs that make us smile.
And it needs to be said that he was not bad at it.
He plays the role with a lot of confidence.
So do the characters and actors that are portraying them.
Once again the musical numbers also feature a young Billy Barty.
A recommendable early genre movie.
But we always have the movies as a way to escape our troubles.
Apparently Blondell was the only other woman who Cagney loved apart from his wife.
And you can see the mutual adoration in every scene.
This is a wonderful film.
The musical productions of Busby Berkeley will never be duplicated.
I think this movie easily outdoes all of his other efforts.
Joan Blondell and James Cagney are incredible together.
Cagney is always terrific.
I do not understand the John Garfield issue though.
I found it on Turner Classics.
I found it by wonderful accident.
But this is a pretty strange movie.
After a while it gets a bit too much.
But none of them really mean anything.
Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go off really well.
From that point of view it is utter fantasy.
I will gladly watch this film again and again and again and.
But it is all in fun.
7 out of 10.
Herman Bing is hilarious in his one tiny scene as a music arranger.
These are all scenes from a 1933 musical.
Kent is basically an idea man along the lines of choreographer Busby Berkeley.
It has a story.
She is the perfect partner for James Cagney .
Those behind the curtains were hit as bad as those in front.
Some other competitors get wind of it and the competition is on.
But it is so creative and fun to watch.
John Garfield is seen briefly in the Shanghai Lil number.
I think the brothers Warner were playing a little joke there.
I have got to believe that clip was deliberate.
Note the African guys mixed into the scene with white and Asian prostitutes.
Here the black guys are sitting at the bar and singing with the others.
wholeheartedly supported the uplift dictated by the F.
In a few months the Production Code would eliminate such naughty pleasures.
The overall effect is highly erotic and mesmerizing.
A thoroughly enjoyable Depression era romp.
A dark fable for adults.
I hope that a box set of Longstreet will appear.
I also believe that Dark Angel will become a cult favorite.
Thus enabling them to continue their struggle.
Well worth a viewing.
The producers must have got something right.
Not to be missed.
The ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important.
I do not think this is the point of the film at all.
I commend pictures that try something different.
A real window into a specific time and place in history.
Could almost believe this was a true story in a parallel universe.
Gotta start with Ed Furlong on this one.
God bless this kid.
Maybe that is why his performance was good.
The twists keep on coming.
Not glossed over a bit.
These guys are twins.
And some of them are smoking hot.
Merry mayhem is what would happen.
I have to say I totally loved the movie.
It shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up.
I had friends who were picked on for one thing or another .
And if you need it explained to you .
This film has good characters with excellent performances from the cast.
The slick soundtrack betrays the murder ballad tone of the film.
I just finished watching this film and found it very enjoyable.
And David plays the bad guy to perfection.
There is much more to this film than first meets the eye.
His character held my attention.
The other people in the story were essential in the makeup of his character.
The way they banded together to help one another was truly awe inspiring.
This is one of the most interesting movies I have ever seen.
I love the backwoods feel of this movie.
The movie is very realistic and believable.
Henry Thomas works well with the young baby.
Very moving story and worth a look.
I saw this film last night on cable and it is extraordinary.
This film is wonderfully atmospheric.
I recommend it highly.
I think that Fox has done it again.
This movie is great to make fun of.
Rent it for a good laugh.
And that is when they meet Ernest Keller.
And he offers to let them stay at his home.
Just seeing this cast in these scenes makes it worth a look.
Barbara Bach and Doug Barr make nice eye candy.
This film is creepy yet cheesy at the same time.
I rated it an 8 out of 10.
His persistent friendliness and almost naturally perverted appearance are exactly what the character needed.
The final shot is especially sad.
Get this film if at all possible.
The gals ask around but there is just nowhere to go.
Bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are.
A real treat for your collection.
all the acting done in the first season has been really amazing.
the minis do the best acting job that i have ever seen kids do.
the main actors and actresses i.
Jessica Alba Michael Weatherly etc.
make you forget you are watching a fictional t.
show they seem to make this show come alive.
all in all this is the best show i have ever watched.
One is the art direction.
The other thing is the comic timing.
I thought I should qualify my position after reading other reviews.
The lighting and scenes along with the camera work are great.
The music is pretty good and the gore is good.
There was no sex scenes.
I gave it 7 out of 10 and I think that is fair.
I would watch it again if I had nothing better to do.
The film just wanders along its merry way with very little development.
A decent effort and worth seeing IF you like serial killer flicks.
Campbell is to check this film out anyway and see what else Mr.
Campbell are trying to show you.
Check this one out.
I think this show is definitely the greatest show.
Jessica Alba does such a great job in it.
It was a revelation to us.
Obviously we were wrong.
But we both chose that love anyway.
That kind of stuff is for the Christian wackos.
As we aged we stopped having extramarital affairs.
This story is not far fetched.
My wife and I have been sleeping together for the last 40 years.
We are still gay.
It is a fantasy not unlike a cinder girl becoming a Princess.
Pretty boys being looked after by older not so pretty men.
Bathhouses were an integral part of the gay community.
This movie is as unique as it is overlooked.
The only other problem with that is that Stella herself is a lesbian.
What she finds will leave the viewer stunned.
What was lacking for me was a coherent storyline.
If you take it too seriously the audience will find little to enjoy.
The budget of around 10 million has not been well spent.
The opening action is okay but after that the good moments become more sparse.
There are some good moments.
As for the cast.
Hidden Agenda boasted the best cast Dolph has worked with in ages.
This however has problems.
The actors are on the most part bad.
This movie is all about Dolph though.
It also marks a turning point in his career.
This is an absolute great show.
She is definitely one of a kind and absolutely gorgeous.
This should be higher then 4.
There is a bit of blood and violence.
Jennifer Baxter is very cute and is good as The fiance.
rest of the cast do fine.
I just viewed Detention last night and i liked what i saw.
It was a cool fun movie.
Dolph looked superbly cool on the Bike.
He also looked good in this movie as compared to his other recent movies.
He is now in a pretty good shape.
But it also had its share of Problems.
Another problem which i had was the way the students were swearing.
The third problem was that the bad guys were very few in numbers.
There should have been more bad guys.
Overall the movie was a good Movie.
I would recommend others to watch it.
Now u r a DEAD beat cop.
Rarely has something free been so worth invaluable.
He would deal with her later.
It was led by a German American taking his cue directly from the homeland.
These great films may be too simplistic for World War II history buffs.
It was truly a lot of fun.
The special effects were wonderful.
Blair Witch and The Mummy.
Both films that I thought were terrible.
Blair was probably the most overrated horror film of all time.
People liked it for it is special effects.
But that is about it.
A lot of computer generated special effects and nothing more.
Check this one out and form your own opinion on it.
I give this picture 7 out of 10.
Some films just simply should not be remade.
This is one of them.
In and of itself it is not a bad film.
But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.
I do not know why the critics trashed this movie.
I hardly ever agree with them anyway.
Liam was great as always.
The special and sound effects were awesome.
I know it is fashionable now to hate this movie.
I have seen it 15 times now and it gets better every time.
The Haunting lets go and is certainly not boring.
The old Haunting was also a fine film from 1963.
It was even more scary.
What I wish could have happened is for something a little more intense.
The Haunting could have used a few more scenes of pure terror.
The acting is good and there are moments that make you jump.
I just wish it scared me more.
It seems to be a perfect day for swimming.
There is a double question the movie poses.
Some psychological battling there.
It just absolutely rattled me.
I was on vacation with my aunts in Ft.
The plot is about as simple as it gets.
The friction between them is a hoot.
Still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion.
He died in 1988.
It just makes me feel good.
The two are like apples and oranges.
I watched this movie after seeing it on Broadway.
I love the Broadway musical and I love the movie.
I watched the movie like it was not related to the Broadway show.
I danced for 12 years before I had to make a choice.
I was however super talented as a show rider.
and dedicate to one or the other.
I love the movie.
I love the Broadway musical.
Douglas is also probably not the best choice for the part.
but best of all.
i suggest you do to.
I love this movie.
This is a great movie.
That is an incorrect view.
And that I think is really the point of the whole show.
This is a study of life as a Broadway star.
This is a great musical.
The estate looked like an old prison.
His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very frightening.
Ann Heywood was also very good as the cynical Cathie.
Thank heavens for Turner Classic which aired the show last week.
Some of the boys are a bit scary.
Time has helped heal those wounds.
Understandably because of this the film is seldom aired or available to modern audiences.
Also has the best signature tune of any comedy show.
The comedy rests on the mix of the people sharing.
A man and two women.
Ironically the party was held to say goodbye to their old flatmate.
The obvious ends up happening as he moves in.
What a pity modern comedy can not reach that high standard.
This was in fact untrue.
They are so impressed by his culinary skills that they invite him to stay.
But there must be no naughty business.
So Robin has to pretend to be gay.
She was not alone.
He worked so well he was made into a regular.
Most of its characters had never appeared in the series.
His attention to use of light within scenes is remarkable.
The ending is wonderful.
I must confess that I was completely shocked by this film.
If you think you are into this kind of thing then go.
Overall the film is about real people in an unusual situation.
The second season though suddenly became a bit odd compared to the first.
So I really wish they could start making new episodes.
And with James Cameron behind this it can not go wrong.
I caught this on the dish last night.
I liked the movie.
I liked the look Ben Chaplin has through the whole movie.
Rent it or catch it on the dish like I did.
Maybe they are too implausible.
Birthday Girl is a movie I have enjoyed several times.
Rest of the cast are fine.
I know what I'm talking about.
You will love it.
I spent a ton of time putting it together.
So check it out.
You can not just order her to arrive at your airport.
US Immigration would NEVER allow such a thing to happen.
This is not Great Cinema but I was most entertained.
Given most films these days this is High Praise indeed.
Every time I see Nicole I like her more.
I love a movie like this.
Funny how people miss the point.
I forgot what a gorgeous woman she is.
Some unexpected turns in the story are good for the suspense.
A small funny film.
One think is sure too.
Here she is a natural woman and she does a really great job.
Instead it accurately records necessary growth arising from the films unique circumstances.
Maybe it is just makeup but it was amazing.
Despite my gratuitous digs at Ms.
Nothing prepared me for how brilliant the show is.
The society is suffering from corruption.
The atmosphere is astounding.
It proved to be quite worthy of watching.
She just keeps proving that she is one of the top talents in Hollywood.
This film is definitely an odd love story.
until two hours of write this.
The woman that he finds comes from Russia.
And I'm not sorry in say that this is a masterpiece.
Three out of four stars.
The acting is first class and the characters are represented well.
My vote is eight.
This is not a big budget film.
Rather it is a film that has a strong community feel.
it is to behold .
But it is a less glamorous and more in you face tale.
The Scots excel at storytelling.
She makes the characters come alive.
The same story is told in bars the length and breadth of Scotland.
The discussion continued to closing time.
Stories passed down like this become part of our being.
And also introduces the story that stretches back through generations.
It produces stories within stories.
The stuff of legend.
This is what gives it its special charm.
He burns with frustration.
Yet there is a deeper conflict within him.
He yearns to know the truth.
She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada.
Finally someone has the sense to create a show for her.
The supporting case seems quite good too.
I have now watched the pilot several times and I still find it refreshing.
It is a fresh idea and hopefully it does well.
One thing I just thought of though.
Shame on Global for pulling the plug on this one.
I thought this one would be a winner.
It is a great story and also inspires others.
It is unfortunate that the Challenger Accident delayed and hurt the movie.
The 20th Anniversary of the Challenger Accident is coming up.
Julia has been growing up fast.
Wow are we ever going to miss his movies if society collapses.
definitely needed a little work in season 2.
Very good drama in season two.
I was seriously hoping for a third and final season.
I would recommend this as a nice night in movie and a 7 Vote.
Just a cute movie with some subtle comedy to lighten things up.
I personally really like movies like this from time to time.
Nothing too deep or too scary.
Just a nice story line.
And I would have never known Mr.
Phoenix had I not recently read the credits.
He was just a baby really when he made this movie.
Kelly Preston was quite the young budding actress then too.
She and Lea did a wonderful job in this movie.
I agree it is not an Oscar caliber movie.
But very much worth watching.
Or ones that are interested in the space program.
Space Camp is a pretty decent film.
The scene where the shuttle doors open in space is simply spectacular.
it just looks average.
I remember this scene in the theater.
It made you feel like you were really up there.
I was quite impressed.
This film is none of those.
SO sit back with your kids and prepare to enjoy.
The perfect space fantasy film.
This would not be a family film if they all died.
Then it will all be sad.
That sucks so bad.
This film is the best for sure.
And the oxygen in ship was running short.
The view was great from outer space.
It does not look unreal.
i would like to comment the series as a great effort.
I'm glad they did.
Which really enhanced the viewing a lot.
I had never heard of the others in the movie.
I finally found it available in a certain store and bought it.
I will probably have it forever.
This movie gets a 9 out of 10 from me.
Watching this movie again really brought back some great childhood memories .
It was just like revisiting my childhood.
It was an absolutely amazing experience for me.
I will always cherish this movie for that reason.
Those outlets can only show you what happened on the outside.
This film shows you what happened on the INSIDE.
It is a sight you will not soon forget.
We must never forget.
Now I have seen the movie.
Thank God I did.
It offered me closure.
I can now move on with my life.
As the second plane crashes the people understand that this is not an accident.
No other documentary even comes close.
I can not see how this could have been done any different.
I have read most of the comments here.
But I do not think narration is unnecessary.
Like I lot of theorists I think that our own lives are narrations.
We are living and making our own autobiography.
We create a story about our live.
Because in the form of a story we can identify ourselves.
So that is the purpose of adding a story in documentary.
If it was me out there I would be worried sick about my brother.
In my view it would have been better to leave this out.
Nevertheless it is compelling viewing for the depiction of the events.
Conspiracy theorists can go to hell by the way.
Jules asked the captain to follow him into the Towers.
It took me a year to come to grips with the devastation.
I was sick of hearing about it.
It was the first time I had cried since the attack.
I highly recommend this documentary.
These two brothers make me want to have been there to help.
This movie had nobody known.
To sum this documentary up in a few words is next to impossible.
The story was thought up by two French brothers living in New York.
Then the unthinkable occurs.
His work is professional through his baptism of fire.
It ranks up there with the Hindenburg footage in showing history as it unfolds.
I also commend CBS for their bravery at airing this special.
Heroism at its finest and the cost of freedom.
I can not just choose one scene that stood out for me.
There was truly a disturbance in the Force.
This documentary vividly reveals this disturbance.
The feelings are so incredibly visual.
Not a thing is missed.
This is a powerful and most moving documentary and well deserving of the Emmy.
You will need them.
I know that I did.
This is an amazing documentary about a shocking day.
I beg you to consider the fact that the documentary was made.
The courage that it took to shoot this film is most notable.
We find that the two brothers are split up when that moment happened.
I submit a wholehearted 10.
Action will never reach this level.
It spoke of things inescapable to the eye of the camera.
It is art without question or questions.
Tears came to my eyes watching this documentary.
All my memories returned and just the intense images were unbelievable.
How these guys were able to capture this footage was incredible.
That reason alone is why this should be a must see collectors item.
The brothers appear to realistically portray the process of becoming a NYC firefighter.
Life and death hang in the balance.
They were probably added just to attract more television viewers.
Nonpareil portrayals of raw human emotion and drama.
5 out of 10.
The effect would be greater.
I'm reading the books now.
Anyone not moved by this television show is immune to anything.
My roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her.
But I do not think we thought about what they were really going though.
They heard the bodies collapsing on the ground from people jumping out the windows.
May God bless their kind and brave hearts.
She got to see the truth of what had happened that tragic day.
No one expected this to happen.
How wrong I was.
You can not duplicate this.
A great piece of work.
A thin story with many fine shots.
You can see his humor in all his movies.
I love Monte Carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
I thought everyone was very good.
George Hamilton was charming and the perfect Italian gigolo.
James Belushi is hysterical as a total jerk.
Cybill Shepard gave a very sweet performance as a nice vulnerable ignored housewife.
Just a nice pick me up for a dreary day.
I Spent 5 Years searching for it.
Because his characters are loved and ask to be loved.
But he succeeds in making a good product.
It has an interesting plot complete with lovable characters.
The three main actors.
The show was hilarious to say the least.
Simple and complex jokes that could appeal to all ages.
Running jokes throughout the series that could spawn a drinking game.
I enjoyed this movie.
It is not surprising that this character is vulnerable and nominally eccentric.
I saw that when I was little and it was excellent.
I'm glad to see that I'm not the only one that loved this movie.
we would watch it all the time.
Big rock candy mountain is amazing.
it is so fuzzy and colorful that i dream about it at night.
i recommend that people of all ages watch this movie.
we are going to order pizza and watch the teddy bears giggle.
This show teaches good lessons about imagination and getting along well with others.
Some parts I found quite entertaining.
I would recommend this.
Chuck Norris have many plans for the future .
Good marshal arts acting.
Perhaps the writer should actually WATCH the movie before attempting to comment on it.
I have always enjoyed seeing Chuck Norris in film.
I also enjoyed seeing Judson Mills perform along side him.
The movie was very similar to the events of Sept.
It has a lot of adventure in it.
You will not be disappointed with either one.
A time when it was in to be a swinger.
Not much more to it.
Anna is always eating but must have incredible metabolism.
50 CAN a month you can spend.
Lars Von Triers Europa is an extremely good film.
The final scene is one of the most harrowing scenes ever.
This movie is far better than the original The Jerk.
I would highly recommend it to anyone who like quirky humor.
The card game with the hobos and then with Mr.
The scene at the dinner table and his distaste for turtle soup.
The original The Jerk was too choreographed ans staged.
The Jerk Too is a spoof and will be enjoyed by anyone.
The Jerk Too is family friendly unlike the original The Jerk.
taking nothing away from Marty.
I wish I could get a copy of it for my collection.
I urge you to see it if you can find it.
I'm on the opposite end of the previous comment.
I say give this movie some credit.
It does have plenty of laughs in it.
I do not understand.
My confusion lies with the content.
303 Brownings in a dorsal turret.
Really loved the cinematography and direction.
Pace was just right and the portrayals of nearly all characters was impressive.
and I have yet to see Gladiator.
Everything from marriage to homosexuality is addressed and respected.
I replay their scenes over and over again.
Anyone who has ever been in love will empathize with these people.
All characters are cast and portrayed excellently.
I have watched this movie numerous times and it always makes me laugh.
Very nicely done movie.
It does stay in your memory.
He is good and exudes charm.
I'm glad it allowed as I have heard the sequels are equally outrageous.
Everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it.
For entertainment value I found this movie to be both engaging and repugnant.
They depict the seats of government as being like a revivalist Baptist church.
It is really well done and very entertaining.
It clearly marks a moment in time for our collective consciousness.
the guts and entrails were actually very convincing.
very good for a laugh.
But It was a great mystery that can happen to anyone of us.
i found this movie really great and scary.
and the mind is a powerful thing.
i recommend to watch this movie.
for those who rate it a 1.
they do not understand the film.
and how bad the ocean life can be for each and everyone of us.
One of the great classic comedies.
This is THE spoiler.
We do not see that she is alone.
The girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat.
But I closed my eyes.
The other role that sticks in my mind is that of William Conrad.
I would never see or heard of him before this film.
Conrad plays a terrific part in this film.
It seems to have disappeared from the face of the earth.
Only Phyllis Kirk has any feeling for him.
They humiliate Sinatra and run him out of town.
Pity for some reason this has not been seen for years.
Bill is an excellent actor and would love to see him in more films.
It was a wonderful ensemble performance from all concerned.
i have seen it 3 times so far.
I watched the movie in a preview and I really loved it.
The cast is excellent and the plot is sometimes absolutely hilarious.
Post WWII life is simply and idyllically portrayed.
Art Direction and Editing are way above par.
I enjoyed Still Crazy more than any film I have seen in years.
The concert at the end was unreal.
You have to watch it.
Once again great movie.
I suppose it is fitting that this was his last film.
4 out of 10.
I love this movie.
I would like to see more movies like this.
And when you get to the final scene.
I thought this movie was fantastic.
Kinda reminded me of Spinal Tap.
You will not regret seeing this movie.
I know I do not.
Bruce Robinson was awesome.
Helena was a lovely girlfriend.
The point is this movie deserves repeated viewings.
He has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him.
But all the actors are equally brilliant.
Ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it.
Another example of the unique talents of Cary Grant.
So I rented it.
And that is not bad at all.
He sets off in search of the other members of the band.
Somewhat reluctantly the band agree to give the reunion a try.
But he wants them to start touring again first.
And so they hit the club circuit around Europe.
It is on tour that the film really starts to develop.
And they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made playing together so enjoyable.
Guess I will have to rent that next.
She loves the song so much now.
A triple whammy there.
The soundtrack is excellent.
All Grant can do is moan.
A classic movie that is really a treasure.
Far much better than Spinal Tap for instance.
They want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much.
Like anyone of us.
It was just another movie I watched partly on TV.
Then on several film posters and the film script.
A story about men getting along with each other.
It contains some of the best actors possible.
I'm addicted to this film.
I'm addicted to Strange Fruit.
This movie is tremendous for uplifting the Spirits.
The soundtrack is unbelievable.
Each member of Fruit are quite memorable.
The lifestyle depicted was remarkable in itself.
This was the first time I saw real people using cordless phones.
at the time anyway.
BTW I am a married man.
One of the Hong Kong Films of the year.
Strongly recommended to all Asian films lovers.
The ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable.
Election does have some faults with the majority coming in the opening third.
Where Election really soars is its attention to that fine detail.
Simon Yam was my favorite character here and sort of anchors the picture.
Both films are gangster epics that are similar in form.
And while Election is an enjoyable piece of cinema.
it is just not nearly as good as it is sequel.
This has disastrous results and heads the triads into an all out war.
Much of the film is devoted to the recovery of the Baton.
Fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect.
This is dark and grim.
The pacing is relatively slow and deliberate.
People just randomly do things regardless of how their personalities were set up prior.
The performances are reasonably amusing and colorful.
Big D will change his tune or.
Another good watch would be Dragon Squad.
Election marks the 2nd trial society theme movie directed by Johnnie To.
Election has hardly failed any critics who wants an different trial society theme movie.
This film really deserves more recognition than its getting.
And a scream or two.
I was really excited about seeing this film.
I thought finally Australia had made a good film.
but I was wrong.
This was the most pathetic attempt at a slasher film ever.
I was expecting a big surprise about who the killer was.
which turned this realistic slasher film into an awful horror movie.
It was the first time I have seen a theatrically release Australian slasher flick.
I thought that the movie was pretty good.
mostly everything in UL final cut needed to be improved.
The best part of CUT is the killer and the death scenes.
i give cut a 8 out of 10.
There is so much to love in this darling little comedy.
It falls somewhere in the middle.
None of these comments are relevant.
Probably a bit of both.
This is not a bad movie.
So this might be an example of what the genre has become.
I liked it I gave it an eight.
The Direction is good.
Jessica Napier is cute and does fine as the other heroine.
Rest of the cast are fine.
however there are some good positives in this film.
there are a few concerns about this movie.
i enjoyed it and had some fun.
Suspenseful Australian slasher flick with very few scares.
Really bad slasher flicks.
But that is par for the course.
The director tells off the killer in front of the cast and crew.
He goes crazy and kills two people.
People who try and finish it are killed themselves.
The students ignore that.
No one is great but no one is terrible either.
No great shakes but not bad at all.
I give it a 7.
This is one of those little Christmas movies for everyone.
There really IS something for everyone.
You will have to see the movie if you want to know why.
00 from the total.
This movie is better than 4.
I can see this happening.
wealthy people have done crazier things than this.
And it was funny.
This movie fully suits that purpose.
You can survive Surviving Christmas.
I thought the television version was a bit edited way down.
This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well.
It was a fun and funny movie.
It was a wonderful movie that I will be adding to my Christmas selection.
I rate it right up there with Christmas vacation.
This movie turned out to be one laugh after another.
He then drives the family crazy with overindulgence for Christmas cheer.
Sure you can see where this movie is going but you do not care.
I got what I wanted.
I laughed so hard during this movie my face hurt.
Cary Grant and Myrna Lloyd are delightful in this film.
I can not imagine anyone not enjoying this movie completely.
a true feast for the eyes.
It was number 10 on The 100 Greatest TV Treats 2004.
This is probably the best documentary I have seen in a very long time.
Listening to his smart ass remarks and seeing his adorable gestures was heartwarming.
And seeing him smile was indescribable.
I feel blessed to have been able to be touched by this tiny giant.
i was greatly moved when i watched the movie.
i have seen people in tears because of a blemish.
this movie brings everything back to the basics .
it makes our everyday problems seen for what they are Small and really unimportant.
you are truly blessed.
and the saying stop and smell the roses truly has a new meaning.
This man is nothing short of amazing.
The most moving and truly eye opening documentary ever created.
I truly felt for him.
I believe that this should be compulsory viewing in schools.
He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause.
I highly recommend this.
You watch as John lives through the last couple months of his life.
You watch as he goes through his days with a positive attitude.
At one point you begin to see that he is truly an amazing individual.
You begin to understand that he has something to teach all of us.
He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world.
The wind blows your eyes far away.
But the film still ends on an optimistic note.
The problem was there literally were not enough houses to satisfy the demand.
Bradford in order to solve this very strange murder mystery.
Jean Arthur is quite glamorous in her role and very funny.
Jean Arthur SHINES when she looks at Powell.
There is an unmistakable undercurrent buzzing between them.
My friends thought the same.
They succeeded to some degree.
So by this time he was pretty well set in the role.
This is after he comes to Bill Powell for help.
Myrna Loy was a more steadying influence on Bill Powell than Jean Arthur was.
Arthur plays it as more of a dizzy dame than Loy did.
But it works here and she and Powell have good chemistry.
Good but not great.
In a way I feel it could have been that bit better.
The Five Deadly Venoms is easily the most memorable K.
This movie launched the careers of the five men who play the venoms.
He would go on to be in Super Ninjas.
I loved this film.
The comedy is well played by all involved.
Talent ran in that family.
I recall seeing this movie as a kid.
I do not recall where I saw it.
I must have been around 14 years old.
I thought the movie was incredible and wished to see it again.
I was really bummed.
The fights were very short and few and far between.
The fighting is all pretty routine.
I remember lots of them.
I remember the day clearly.
Me and my dad had just gotten lunch at Burger King.
Then under that was the Title of the film.
It said Five Deadly Venoms.
Then the movie began.
I loved this movie the minute it came on.
My favorite character was the Toad Venom.
it was the fighting.
The fights were so.
This movie is really good.
Fighting scenes are very good.
The only thing which may be irritating is actors look.
I really like this movie.
I can watch it on a regular basis and not tire of it.
I suppose that is one of my criteria for a great movie.
The story is very interesting.
We also get to see the venoms fight each other in every combination.
It is fun to see how their styles match up against each other.
See this one at all costs.
This film is breath of fresh air in comparison.
Around 7 out of 10.
Then again he might not have.
Lead players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy plays Mr.
Thus a simple plot becomes almost a suspense thriller.
But what really solidifies the movie are the venoms themselves.
Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks.
Its more about the intrigue of the story and the characters that are involved.
Very well made with a unique story.
Be careful with this one.
We learn along with him.
I can not say enough about the choreography or the camera work.
But this one does several things well.
Much more clever stuff than what we usually get out of this genre.
Still though this movie is one of Shaw Brothers best and is quite enjoyable.
8 out of 10 on the scale.
Such level of skill amongst the cast is unsurpassed in modern day cinema.
However the plot certainly is better than average.
I always enjoy this movie when it shows up on TV.
This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective.
We actually care when people are killed in this film.
Some of the sequences in this movie are truly gut wrenching.
When characters go in search of vengeance you really feel their anger and pain.
all this just adds to the greatness of the film.
The lighting and composition are spectacular at times.
He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people.
The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first.
The one downfall of this show is its supporting cast.
A VERY good chance from the usual comedy out there.
The Sarah Silverman program is .
better than those other shows.
The Sarah Silverman program.
Go watch and see.
Best show since Seinfeld.
One of the few shows I make point of watching.
It gets flat very fast.
Give it a shot.
It has that same flow and that same rhythm.
Melvin Douglas is especially brilliant.
The best kind of comedy around.
Nothing that appears on T.
show for there to be mistakes.
This show is stupid because Sarah wanted it to be stupid.
This show is juvenile because Sarah wanted it to be juvenile.
The cast is awesome.
I'm sure they are wonderful bright people that operate at a different wavelength.
Therefore I always fast before watching it and wear adult diapers.
I'm a happy guy.
This is like Grease meets South Park.
Sarah Silverman is someone I could watch reading the phone book.
Her delivery is precise and oh so funny.
She never skips a beat.
It seemed to be a genuine question.
Sarah can come at you from odd angles.
God being petty and jealous added wonderfully to the joke.
What I also love is that not everything is a punchline.
Instead the Sarah Silverman Program makes it more realistic in this sense.
This show probably will not appeal to everyone.
Everyone should at least give this show a chance.
This kind of stuff is the future of entertainment.
I watch this show and I laugh a very large percentage of the time.
I can not say that about many TV shows.
You owe it to yourself to watch this show.
I predict a long run for this series.
perhaps they lack the intelligence to comprehend it.
they should stop making fools of themselves by attacking something they do not understand.
is way off the mark.
If you are thinking of building see this movie first.
The dollar amounts may have changed but everything else is the same.
This film was done after that rescue.
One of the best love stories I have ever seen.
Then I got to looking at their body of work.
Grey Gardens sounded very interesting.
She seems to have a nervous disorder of some kind.
Worrying too much about things.
It is a 28 room mansion that is worn down and worn out.
The outfits Edie comes up with a very clever and creative.
Edie too was a beauty in her day and quite attractive at 56.
This movie is hard to come by.
This as well makes it clear that it is not exploitation.
And both Edith and Edie just love the idea of being filmed.
Exhibit all their artistic skills in front of their camera.
Little Edie and Big Edie are characters that anyone can feel compassion for.
Grey Gardens is a world unto itself.
I was awed at how beautiful and raw this documentary was.