Or maybe this film will inspire you to help others.
The take on lawyers is also superb.
His character is more malevolent than usual.
This is easily the most underrated film inn the Brooks cannon.
Many of the jokes fall flat.
This is not the typical Mel Brooks film.
It rates a 7.
Yes its an art.
to successfully make a slow paced thriller.
The story unfolds in nice volumes while you do not even notice it happening.
Fine performance by Robin Williams.
The direction is good.
Use of lights to achieve desired affects of suspense and unexpectedness is good.
Williams returns to New York.
A scene or two establishing their relationship might have helped set the stage.
She is that good.
I liked the film.
I especially liked the opening scene which had a semi truck in it.
A very tense action scene that seemed well done.
Also the film is funny is several parts.
I also liked how the evil guy was portrayed too.
I would give the film an 8 out of 10.
I enjoyed The Night Listener very much.
Robin Williams gives one of his best performances.
Sandra Oh adds a wonderful comic touch.
Everyone is very believable.
I wonder if some of the more disturbing images were cut from the movie.
Do not be sucker punched by the previews and ads.
See The Night Listener because you want to see a good story told well.
If you go expecting Hitchcock you will be disappointed.
My only complaint with the movie was the ending.
I can guarantee you that you have never seen this kind of movie before.
This is no americanized movie.
Neither is it a predictable movie.
I just kept waiting for it to get better.
Something that makes you jump off your seat.
I will leave it at that.
Toni Collette also stars.
The production felt rushed and holes are apparent.
It certainly feels like a preview for a much more complete and better effort.
The book is probably better.
I found that there were so many perfect choices made.
and for the last number of years.
This Night Listener is better than people are generally saying.
Give it a shot.
This is the token moody period Gothic horror entry from the bunch.
A real campy hoot.
Watch it with plenty of popcorn and soda in a darkened room.
An act for which he got caught and death penalty sentenced.
This has got to be a unique twists of two genres of ever seen.
The giant monster movie genre with the living mummy movie genre.
This unique blend makes for a unique and compelling story.
The acting was wonderful.
I give THE FALLEN ONES 9 OUT OF 10.
It looked as if the other actors were only playing to her strong performance.
The charismatic Miller delivery and timing were impeccable and believable.
I am sure this movie will always be in my top 5.
The acting is superb.
I do not think anyone could have a better job than Kate.
Titanic is the greatest movie of the 21st Century.
There is nothing wrong with this movie.
Apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time.
The script is better than average and the production overall of a high standard.
It just fails to engage the viewer particularly at key moments.
95 would be an acceptable price for the film.
Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it.
Not that Titanic has none of that.
But the reason Titanic works is that it is such an emotional ride.
And look at the top ten grossing films of all time.
And this movie made 1.
8 BILLION DOLLARS worldwide.
It can not be bad.
no one will remember it in 50 years.
It was so touching and beautiful.
I strongly recommend seeing for all.
Could they ever replace such an epic masterpiece.
It will be almost impossible.
The director no doubt had the major impact on the film.
The movie creates an amazing visual and a wonderful feeling.
Everything looks very real and live.
The acting was the real effect.
No one could have done better.
They are partly the reason why the film is so great.
I guess it is not too much to talk about.
I will also say that the last five minutes were very moving.
It was all over the news and one of the biggest tragedies ever.
In the end you can have your eyes dropping rainstorms or silent tears.
The story is simple and it works.
She calls and tells her tale on the RMS Titanic.
Everything about the story works and there are very few flaws.
Rose almost commits suicide but the Gilbert Grape star rescues her.
I really liked the hanging over the boat scene.
It was a good risk.
However I think it is unfair to say that they are terrible actors.
Titanic is a classic.
When the movie came out people flocked to the theaters.
It was safe to say we were obsessed and for good reason.
They trusted each other.
They sure as hell are giving Romeo and Juliet a run for their money.
It really blows my mind when someone says they hate this movie.
For me personally this film goes down in my top four of all time.
He sees a story and adds a strange quality to the film.
But Titanic is so much different to his other strokes of brilliance.
The music has become iconic and legendary.
My heart will not go on from this one.
Jack and Rose return to the top deck.
Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma.
He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI.
The decor is overwhelming.
One for the ages.
Everything of the time was very formal.
Men of the time generally smoked cigars not cigarettes.
Technically the film is very well done.
PEOPLE make the film a huge success.
I avoided watching this film for the longest time.
One of the girls spoke about this movie.
I shared my feelings with my fellow judges.
The movie must have done something right to get her so interested.
Then it finally appeared on Pay TV.
My high school public speaking contestant was right.
The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world.
This is truly an excellent movie.
It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.
I will gladly side with the majority this time around.
And they are too embarrassed now to admit it.
in all the same places.
You look like an out of touch cynic.
No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults.
Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation.
James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic.
How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me.
I was utterly transfixed.
This film is one memorable scene after another.
Titanic leaving port in Southampton.
The screams of the doomed after she went down.
And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears.
And the love theme was beautiful and tragic.
The film was made with such humanity.
This is a movie teenagers should watch.
Maybe that way they will start appreciating the value of family again.
He should be offered more serious roles.
This movie can be appreciated by people of all ages.
Because it portrays the values that are important in life.
It just may be haunted.
A crucial problem occurs at the beginning of the film.
The tracking and the cuts need to be slow.
The performances help create tension.
But neither menace is really the point.
The point is human relationships.
There are a number of character arcs that are very interesting.
How disappointing to have it end.
Every character was important and did a fabulous job carrying their role.
I would have loved to see each character develop over the years.
Yes it touched my heart.
Family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about.
ALL the actors portraying their characters did outstanding performances.
A must see for those who care about their families.
The cinematography deserves every accolade it has received over the years.
Anyone looking for real teens here is expecting too much.
I think this movie was way ahead of its time.
I have no doubt lesbians will identify with the characters here.
This is a film.
Fine acting and directing.
Watching this film made me remember my first love.
Highly recommended for all film lovers.
I plan on trying to get a copy of it myself to watch.
The story is very touching and I would recommend it to anyone.
This is a movie for the whole family despite its rating.
This is a movie I will show to my children.
She was such a great actor for being so little.
but she really seemed to be in character perfectly.
which is just so heartwarming after all the mishaps in the movie.
The two lead performances are believable and beguiling in their societal context.
This movie is the best film ever.
Little girl liked to be his granddaughter and King of Masks liked a grandson.
They were not conventional in real.
Every scene they were together was priceless.
The camera work is flawless and grips you.
The acting is inspired.
He played his helpful and kindhearted character extremely well.
I can not recommend this film enough.
The whole film is in loops.
Everything has a significance.
It just keeps changing its mood like its protagonist changes his face.
Last scene on the rope is phenomenal.
Story and script is flawless.
Both the protagonists are artists you can tell the way they have performed.
It was not even nominated for Oscars.
The young girl is an amazing talent.
The original Chinese dialog heightens the emotional intensity of the performances and the story.
What a wonderful film.
The acting is sublime.
The filming is pleasant and the environment is keenly realistic.
It seemed worthwhile to experience.
Acting is solid enough.
Thematically puerile but still rich enough to compliment the vehicle of its expression.
The story is absorbing.
The setting is serene and the costuming simple.
But do not get me started on that.
This movie was excellent.
A sad truth to how culture tends to clash with the sexes.
This is just one big warm fuzzy type of movie.
This equals on big happy movie in the end.
Bound to be in Oscar contention for best foreign film.
A welcome alternative to unsatisfying summer action movies.
And I think they did pretty well with this.
There are many stories inside this one.
An unexpected pleasure as I had heard nothing about this film.
Shameful since it warrants having a wider audience.
Solidly acted by the principals.
Master Wang is sold a son by a slave trader.
All is well as he joyfully prepares to pass down his art.
But the son eventually is found out to be a girl.
This is a wonderful film for children as well as adults.
Beautiful and touching movie.
I never saw such an interesting setting when I was in China.
This is probably my favorite movie of all time.
It is perfection in its storytelling.
Street entertainer catching the attention of famous opera star and friendship ensuing.
I was happy to see the Shaw Brothers are still producing good films.
The story is simple.
The faces of the actors are marvelous to see.
A round device that creates a wormhole.
It gives you the ability to travel to distant worlds.
I find that great.
Blockbuster has it rated as though it were an X rated movie.
This deserves a lot better treatment.
and the problems that ensue afterward.
The rest of the story is how the two manage after that.
This spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen.
I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough.
It may just change you forever once you have seen it.
It shows Taylor at the height of her beauty.
Thank goodness Dana Andrews is around to save the day.
One of my favorite guilty pleasures.
Atlantis is still going strong on its 4th seasons.
Such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought.
My parents took me to this movie when I was nine years old.
I have never forgotten it.
I had never before seen anything as beautiful as Elizabeth Taylor.
The soundtrack of the English version is also very good.
I wonder if they ever made a soundtrack album of that.
The subtleties are truly out of this world and the characterization is beyond brilliant.
I do have some complaints though.
Uneven in places but still a lot of fun.
Or couch for that matter either.
I am very picky with my selections.
Stick with it and you will see what I'm talking about.
Then went and bought both acts.
They were even better than I had experienced at first.
Hope it is not lost.
They had to be that good to play that demented.
I like it and recommend it for movie lovers of all ages.
I have not seen another movie like this.
You can not not be impressed by this movie.
A treat to all avid fans of Indian cinema.
A man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father.
Recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious Hindi films.
Till this movie was made there was no audience for documentaries in India.
Each one played their part par excellence.
His father is a harsh Police Constable.
His compromise towards unethical practice is negative.
Finally he gets suspended.
The Practical approach of Script is a major Punch.
Those aspects are dealt brilliantly.
Words fall short for this great work.
This movie has stood the test of times.
Thus this movie was truly a trend setter.
This trend dominated the Hindi movie scene for more than a decade.
This movie was a moderate box office hit.
This is a very good and a classic film.
Its also interesting how each character is practically the opposite of the other.
Id say though that it turned out just fine.
The Haunted World of Edward D.
Documentary about the infamous Edward D.
covering his life and movies.
There are interviews with people who worked with him or knew him.
Interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations.
Wood had ambitions but not a bit of talent to carry them out.
Still it is of interest if you are a Wood fan.
I loved this film.
Not being a swooning Ed Wood Jr.
could not be condensed to a single viewpoint.
This collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get.
Best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater.
The film puts the atrocity into context of the time.
It also shows the savagery of the soldiers on the day of the atrocity.
An excellent and accurate film.
McGovern takes great pains to research and document his writing and it pays off.
Never before seen such a sick and twisted thing.
The Story is good and the actors do their thing very well.
It just all theoretically possible and exciting.
7 or 8 out of 10.
I do not want to give away too much.
The pilot is extremely well done.
It lays out how the characters bond in future episodes.
I do not think anyone could have created a better pilot for this show.
It displays remarkable creativity on the writers part.
I would love to get a copy of it.
Thanks for the assistance.
It just seemed to be believable.
thanks for the hours of entertainment you have provided over the years.
Proper grammar and pronunciation are essential to a film.
However Abby has other plans of her own.
There are also various assorted body parts.
for those with the stomach.
The atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling.
Well its about time.
At the start of the episode the couple are having a conversation.
Abbey has caught Cliff cheating and he is desperately trying to win her back.
And this is just the setup people.
A man and his wife get in a horrible car accident.
My apologies to him for my underestimation.
but this is easily the best episode of the season.
but they may someday end up being masters in the future.
I liked this one a lot.
Do NOT watch whilst eating pudding.
But the fun is in the journey.
then you want a thriller.
This is a romantic comedy.
This is a really old fashion charming movie.
And While You Were Sleeping.
The rest of the cast is fun.
And that is what makes it fun to watch.
The two leads always have to get together.
I liked all the NY characters and I loved the locations.
then this is for you.
This was a great movie.
Her smile is radiant and her beauty can not be disguised.
I do not understand the comments that there was no chemistry between them.
I guess we see what we want to see.
I think you will like it.
A beautiful postcard of New York.
My teenagers liked it too.
This film told a story that felt comfortable but not old or done.
The ending came with a twist which we all liked too.
I recommend it and we need more of these films to watch.
Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD SEE IT.
I caught this film at a test screening.
Was very surprised to find a really sweet and fun story.
Takes place in the best locations in New York.
Made me want to go there.
It was clean and great for whole family.
I think it will do well.
Audience I saw it with loved it.
He sure can and is likable in this movie.
I just can not understand the negative comments about this film.
Thanks Fox for producing it.
The actor who played Jesus was miscast.
I would love to buy the CD.
There are few films or movies I consider favorites over the years.
The Gospel road was one of them.
Besides I am a Johnny Cash fan and it was a brave venture.
I came out surprised and very amused.
She had amazing comedic timing.
And its depiction of contemporary L.
Never before has a movie made L.
We already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre.
I think it had it all.
It made me laugh out loud over a dozen of times.
I think it is a shame it only scored 5.
This had a good story.
it had a nice pace and all characters are developed cool.
Good job in writing.
This is a great film.
I agreed to watch a chick flick and some how ended up with this.
Actually my vote is a 7.
Rock won with his movie.
overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much.
a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess.
The characters are all funny.
They work together very well.
The real match up is Paul Rudd and Lake Bell.
Over Her Dead Body was a nice little movie.
I do not see how this movie was bad.
I could have dealt with a 5.
I have always looked forward to new episodes with great anticipation.
Snafu shorts were actually quite funny.
It stands up as one of the best of the Private Snafu shorts.
The setting is an Army camp.
This is a highly effective piece of work.
A good way to lose a war is demoralize the enemy.
This cartoon may be 65 years old but it sure has relevance today.
People forget that war could have easily wound up with the other side winning.
It was a tense time.
A surprise emotional ending.
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved.
Especially the opening moments are terrific.
Egon in the meanwhile goes to college and settles with a woman.
The movie is chronological in a way.
A surprise emotional ending.
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved.
But after few episodes I became a fan.
Struggling to the end when all hope is lost.
This is as authentic a scene you can get in rural India.
All said and done this is one good Movie.
although other movies are not far behind.
one man that will never ever disappoint you.
The sets were also pretty good.
And that is when the problems start.
She is sure to win awards for this heated portrayal.
This picture has everything any movie could ever have.
Yet he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance.
The movie is not without its share of realism.
Then things go terribly wrong.
Her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotion is simply incredible.
The movie was disturbing at moments.
What is most ironic is this is probably her weakest written role to date.
The other good performance was the little kid.
The movie was probably saved desperately by their performances.
This disc is NOT for the faint of heart.
This is the Who at their most powerful.
The Original Drum and Bass.
This concert footage for me is one of their best.
The crowed went wild.
not to mention acting like an Old West gunslinger.
His great vision and creativity really helped this film.
Some of the camera shots in the film were done very well.
I certainly will not be raving about the story of this film.
The dialect and lifestyle details are accurately reminiscent of this region of the Philippines.
I played it a zillion times during Spring 1993 with my friend Andrew.
Then Streets of Rage 2 came out.
And we quickly forgot that this one even existed.
You even have the chance to become Mr.
Streets of Rage also has truly fantastic music.
Easy to get into and hard to put down.
Baddies often walk away from you instead of engaging in combat.
This is especially infuriating with the Level 5 boss.
Lack of combo moves.
Lack of decent weapons.
Bad guy models are repeated far too often.
Davis as Major General George S.
And sometimes not even then.
All i hear about is how poorly the animation is done.
I hope for a sequel very soon.
I do not think Lady Death would transfer well to film.
Then she seeks revenge.
and the rest you better see it from the movie.
If the movies got anymore awesome.
I would have her babies.
And I am female.
Read the comics you will not regret it.
Yes in this movie since Brian P.
the artist for her died we do not get nearly as good artistic work.
Different Strokes for different folks as the saying goes.
Why everyone else hates that is beyond me.
Character development was fine.
I like how they brought the transition from Hope to Lady Death around.
his dark bruiting style was perfect for this kind of movie.
Gotta find a copy somewhere.
I would have preferred that New Yorker Films had translated the title directly.
This film has renewed my interest in French cinema.
All these incidents cause other events that .
But then this is the magic world of cinema.
Stranger things have happened.
The subtitles quite annoyingly gave both parts of a dialog at once.
This occurs in the first few minutes of the film.
All of that is interesting enough.
That kept me guessing for a while.
A chance meeting at the metro sets the tone for the film.
The best part of the movie comes with about 20 minutes left.
The ending to this movie is top notch.
Some folks might think that was an improvement.
These psychological thrillers are less entertainment than some kind of remote therapy.
This one is a pip.
Meanwhile the rest of the family schemes to sabotage the romance.
The results are predictable.
You get a little bit of everything in this movie.
Sexual tension between the sisters.
A little subtle masochism.
One or two of the actors sound vaguely familiar.
The acting is so bad it is hard to believe.
It was shot in and around LA mostly at night and probably without permits.
The end was so bizarre that I thought it was a joke.
That hilarious line is typical of what these naughty sisters say.
The other is got up to look like Marilyn Monroe.
All three sisters are played by starlets.
He had something of a career.
He also is shown sopping wet in a swimsuit.
The movie is not bad.
I truly do not know where it was shown.
The women are scantily dressed.
But the guy seems to be the central focus.
And I think the audience is meant to also.
Make sure to catch it when broadcast.
The perplexing ending is actually quite consistent with the rest of the film.
and I DO mean it.
But rarely a movie worth watching is actually rated under 6.
The movie is not perfect.
Its true rating should be an 8 or a 9.
The best reason to watch was on the Elvira show a few years back.
Elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can.
I was around 7 when I saw this movie first.
Most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm.
I saw it at a midnight screening in L.
You are the best.
Stargate is the best show ever.
All the actors are absolutely perfect for there roles.
I love the connection between the characters.
If you have not seen this show I very highly recommend it.