Or maybe this film will inspire you to help others.
The take on lawyers is also superb.
His character is more malevolent than usual.
This is easily the most underrated film inn the Brooks cannon.
Many of the jokes fall flat.
This is not the typical Mel Brooks film.
It rates a 7.
Yes its an art.
to successfully make a slow paced thriller.
The story unfolds in nice volumes while you do not even notice it happening.
Fine performance by Robin Williams.
The direction is good.
Use of lights to achieve desired affects of suspense and unexpectedness is good.
Williams returns to New York.
A scene or two establishing their relationship might have helped set the stage.
She is that good.
I liked the film.
I especially liked the opening scene which had a semi truck in it.
A very tense action scene that seemed well done.
Also the film is funny is several parts.
I also liked how the evil guy was portrayed too.
I would give the film an 8 out of 10.
I enjoyed The Night Listener very much.
Robin Williams gives one of his best performances.
Sandra Oh adds a wonderful comic touch.
Everyone is very believable.
I wonder if some of the more disturbing images were cut from the movie.
Do not be sucker punched by the previews and ads.
See The Night Listener because you want to see a good story told well.
If you go expecting Hitchcock you will be disappointed.
My only complaint with the movie was the ending.
I can guarantee you that you have never seen this kind of movie before.
This is no americanized movie.
Neither is it a predictable movie.
I just kept waiting for it to get better.
Something that makes you jump off your seat.
I will leave it at that.
Toni Collette also stars.
The production felt rushed and holes are apparent.
It certainly feels like a preview for a much more complete and better effort.
The book is probably better.
I found that there were so many perfect choices made.
and for the last number of years.
This Night Listener is better than people are generally saying.
Give it a shot.
This is the token moody period Gothic horror entry from the bunch.
A real campy hoot.
Watch it with plenty of popcorn and soda in a darkened room.
An act for which he got caught and death penalty sentenced.
This has got to be a unique twists of two genres of ever seen.
The giant monster movie genre with the living mummy movie genre.
This unique blend makes for a unique and compelling story.
The acting was wonderful.
I give THE FALLEN ONES 9 OUT OF 10.
It looked as if the other actors were only playing to her strong performance.
The charismatic Miller delivery and timing were impeccable and believable.
I am sure this movie will always be in my top 5.
The acting is superb.
I do not think anyone could have a better job than Kate.
Titanic is the greatest movie of the 21st Century.
There is nothing wrong with this movie.
Apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time.
The script is better than average and the production overall of a high standard.
It just fails to engage the viewer particularly at key moments.
95 would be an acceptable price for the film.
Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it.
Not that Titanic has none of that.
But the reason Titanic works is that it is such an emotional ride.
And look at the top ten grossing films of all time.
And this movie made 1.
8 BILLION DOLLARS worldwide.
It can not be bad.
no one will remember it in 50 years.
It was so touching and beautiful.
I strongly recommend seeing for all.
Could they ever replace such an epic masterpiece.
It will be almost impossible.
The director no doubt had the major impact on the film.
The movie creates an amazing visual and a wonderful feeling.
Everything looks very real and live.
The acting was the real effect.
No one could have done better.
They are partly the reason why the film is so great.
I guess it is not too much to talk about.
I will also say that the last five minutes were very moving.
It was all over the news and one of the biggest tragedies ever.
In the end you can have your eyes dropping rainstorms or silent tears.
The story is simple and it works.
She calls and tells her tale on the RMS Titanic.
Everything about the story works and there are very few flaws.
Rose almost commits suicide but the Gilbert Grape star rescues her.
I really liked the hanging over the boat scene.
It was a good risk.
However I think it is unfair to say that they are terrible actors.
Titanic is a classic.
When the movie came out people flocked to the theaters.
It was safe to say we were obsessed and for good reason.
They trusted each other.
They sure as hell are giving Romeo and Juliet a run for their money.
It really blows my mind when someone says they hate this movie.
For me personally this film goes down in my top four of all time.
He sees a story and adds a strange quality to the film.
But Titanic is so much different to his other strokes of brilliance.
The music has become iconic and legendary.
My heart will not go on from this one.
Jack and Rose return to the top deck.
Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma.
He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI.
The decor is overwhelming.
One for the ages.
Everything of the time was very formal.
Men of the time generally smoked cigars not cigarettes.
Technically the film is very well done.
PEOPLE make the film a huge success.
I avoided watching this film for the longest time.
One of the girls spoke about this movie.
I shared my feelings with my fellow judges.
The movie must have done something right to get her so interested.
Then it finally appeared on Pay TV.
My high school public speaking contestant was right.
The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world.
This is truly an excellent movie.
It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.
I will gladly side with the majority this time around.
And they are too embarrassed now to admit it.
in all the same places.
You look like an out of touch cynic.
No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults.
Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation.
James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic.
How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me.
I was utterly transfixed.
This film is one memorable scene after another.
Titanic leaving port in Southampton.
The screams of the doomed after she went down.
And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears.
And the love theme was beautiful and tragic.
The film was made with such humanity.
This is a movie teenagers should watch.
Maybe that way they will start appreciating the value of family again.
He should be offered more serious roles.
This movie can be appreciated by people of all ages.
Because it portrays the values that are important in life.
It just may be haunted.
A crucial problem occurs at the beginning of the film.
The tracking and the cuts need to be slow.
The performances help create tension.
But neither menace is really the point.
The point is human relationships.
There are a number of character arcs that are very interesting.
How disappointing to have it end.
Every character was important and did a fabulous job carrying their role.
I would have loved to see each character develop over the years.
Yes it touched my heart.
Family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about.
ALL the actors portraying their characters did outstanding performances.
A must see for those who care about their families.
The cinematography deserves every accolade it has received over the years.
Anyone looking for real teens here is expecting too much.
I think this movie was way ahead of its time.
I have no doubt lesbians will identify with the characters here.
This is a film.
Fine acting and directing.
Watching this film made me remember my first love.
Highly recommended for all film lovers.
I plan on trying to get a copy of it myself to watch.
The story is very touching and I would recommend it to anyone.
This is a movie for the whole family despite its rating.
This is a movie I will show to my children.
She was such a great actor for being so little.
but she really seemed to be in character perfectly.
which is just so heartwarming after all the mishaps in the movie.
The two lead performances are believable and beguiling in their societal context.
This movie is the best film ever.
Little girl liked to be his granddaughter and King of Masks liked a grandson.
They were not conventional in real.
Every scene they were together was priceless.
The camera work is flawless and grips you.
The acting is inspired.
He played his helpful and kindhearted character extremely well.
I can not recommend this film enough.
The whole film is in loops.
Everything has a significance.
It just keeps changing its mood like its protagonist changes his face.
Last scene on the rope is phenomenal.
Story and script is flawless.
Both the protagonists are artists you can tell the way they have performed.
It was not even nominated for Oscars.
The young girl is an amazing talent.
The original Chinese dialog heightens the emotional intensity of the performances and the story.
What a wonderful film.
The acting is sublime.
The filming is pleasant and the environment is keenly realistic.
It seemed worthwhile to experience.
Acting is solid enough.
Thematically puerile but still rich enough to compliment the vehicle of its expression.
The story is absorbing.
The setting is serene and the costuming simple.
But do not get me started on that.
This movie was excellent.
A sad truth to how culture tends to clash with the sexes.
This is just one big warm fuzzy type of movie.
This equals on big happy movie in the end.
Bound to be in Oscar contention for best foreign film.
A welcome alternative to unsatisfying summer action movies.
And I think they did pretty well with this.
There are many stories inside this one.
An unexpected pleasure as I had heard nothing about this film.
Shameful since it warrants having a wider audience.
Solidly acted by the principals.
Master Wang is sold a son by a slave trader.
All is well as he joyfully prepares to pass down his art.
But the son eventually is found out to be a girl.
This is a wonderful film for children as well as adults.
Beautiful and touching movie.
I never saw such an interesting setting when I was in China.
This is probably my favorite movie of all time.
It is perfection in its storytelling.
Street entertainer catching the attention of famous opera star and friendship ensuing.
I was happy to see the Shaw Brothers are still producing good films.
The story is simple.
The faces of the actors are marvelous to see.
A round device that creates a wormhole.
It gives you the ability to travel to distant worlds.
I find that great.
Blockbuster has it rated as though it were an X rated movie.
This deserves a lot better treatment.
and the problems that ensue afterward.
The rest of the story is how the two manage after that.
This spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen.
I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough.
It may just change you forever once you have seen it.
It shows Taylor at the height of her beauty.
Thank goodness Dana Andrews is around to save the day.
One of my favorite guilty pleasures.
Atlantis is still going strong on its 4th seasons.
Such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought.
My parents took me to this movie when I was nine years old.
I have never forgotten it.
I had never before seen anything as beautiful as Elizabeth Taylor.
The soundtrack of the English version is also very good.
I wonder if they ever made a soundtrack album of that.
The subtleties are truly out of this world and the characterization is beyond brilliant.
I do have some complaints though.
Uneven in places but still a lot of fun.
Or couch for that matter either.
I am very picky with my selections.
Stick with it and you will see what I'm talking about.
Then went and bought both acts.
They were even better than I had experienced at first.
Hope it is not lost.
They had to be that good to play that demented.
I like it and recommend it for movie lovers of all ages.
I have not seen another movie like this.
You can not not be impressed by this movie.
A treat to all avid fans of Indian cinema.
A man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father.
Recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious Hindi films.
Till this movie was made there was no audience for documentaries in India.
Each one played their part par excellence.
His father is a harsh Police Constable.
His compromise towards unethical practice is negative.
Finally he gets suspended.
The Practical approach of Script is a major Punch.
Those aspects are dealt brilliantly.
Words fall short for this great work.
This movie has stood the test of times.
Thus this movie was truly a trend setter.
This trend dominated the Hindi movie scene for more than a decade.
This movie was a moderate box office hit.
This is a very good and a classic film.
Its also interesting how each character is practically the opposite of the other.
Id say though that it turned out just fine.
The Haunted World of Edward D.
Documentary about the infamous Edward D.
covering his life and movies.
There are interviews with people who worked with him or knew him.
Interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations.
Wood had ambitions but not a bit of talent to carry them out.
Still it is of interest if you are a Wood fan.
I loved this film.
Not being a swooning Ed Wood Jr.
could not be condensed to a single viewpoint.
This collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get.
Best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater.
The film puts the atrocity into context of the time.
It also shows the savagery of the soldiers on the day of the atrocity.
An excellent and accurate film.
McGovern takes great pains to research and document his writing and it pays off.
Never before seen such a sick and twisted thing.
The Story is good and the actors do their thing very well.
It just all theoretically possible and exciting.
7 or 8 out of 10.
I do not want to give away too much.
The pilot is extremely well done.
It lays out how the characters bond in future episodes.
I do not think anyone could have created a better pilot for this show.
It displays remarkable creativity on the writers part.
I would love to get a copy of it.
Thanks for the assistance.
It just seemed to be believable.
thanks for the hours of entertainment you have provided over the years.
Proper grammar and pronunciation are essential to a film.
However Abby has other plans of her own.
There are also various assorted body parts.
for those with the stomach.
The atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling.
Well its about time.
At the start of the episode the couple are having a conversation.
Abbey has caught Cliff cheating and he is desperately trying to win her back.
And this is just the setup people.
A man and his wife get in a horrible car accident.
My apologies to him for my underestimation.
but this is easily the best episode of the season.
but they may someday end up being masters in the future.
I liked this one a lot.
Do NOT watch whilst eating pudding.
But the fun is in the journey.
then you want a thriller.
This is a romantic comedy.
This is a really old fashion charming movie.
And While You Were Sleeping.
The rest of the cast is fun.
And that is what makes it fun to watch.
The two leads always have to get together.
I liked all the NY characters and I loved the locations.
then this is for you.
This was a great movie.
Her smile is radiant and her beauty can not be disguised.
I do not understand the comments that there was no chemistry between them.
I guess we see what we want to see.
I think you will like it.
A beautiful postcard of New York.
My teenagers liked it too.
This film told a story that felt comfortable but not old or done.
The ending came with a twist which we all liked too.
I recommend it and we need more of these films to watch.
Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD SEE IT.
I caught this film at a test screening.
Was very surprised to find a really sweet and fun story.
Takes place in the best locations in New York.
Made me want to go there.
It was clean and great for whole family.
I think it will do well.
Audience I saw it with loved it.
He sure can and is likable in this movie.
I just can not understand the negative comments about this film.
Thanks Fox for producing it.
The actor who played Jesus was miscast.
I would love to buy the CD.
There are few films or movies I consider favorites over the years.
The Gospel road was one of them.
Besides I am a Johnny Cash fan and it was a brave venture.
I came out surprised and very amused.
She had amazing comedic timing.
And its depiction of contemporary L.
Never before has a movie made L.
We already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre.
I think it had it all.
It made me laugh out loud over a dozen of times.
I think it is a shame it only scored 5.
This had a good story.
it had a nice pace and all characters are developed cool.
Good job in writing.
This is a great film.
I agreed to watch a chick flick and some how ended up with this.
Actually my vote is a 7.
Rock won with his movie.
overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much.
a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess.
The characters are all funny.
They work together very well.
The real match up is Paul Rudd and Lake Bell.
Over Her Dead Body was a nice little movie.
I do not see how this movie was bad.
I could have dealt with a 5.
I have always looked forward to new episodes with great anticipation.
Snafu shorts were actually quite funny.
It stands up as one of the best of the Private Snafu shorts.
The setting is an Army camp.
This is a highly effective piece of work.
A good way to lose a war is demoralize the enemy.
This cartoon may be 65 years old but it sure has relevance today.
People forget that war could have easily wound up with the other side winning.
It was a tense time.
A surprise emotional ending.
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved.
Especially the opening moments are terrific.
Egon in the meanwhile goes to college and settles with a woman.
The movie is chronological in a way.
A surprise emotional ending.
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved.
But after few episodes I became a fan.
Struggling to the end when all hope is lost.
This is as authentic a scene you can get in rural India.
All said and done this is one good Movie.
although other movies are not far behind.
one man that will never ever disappoint you.
The sets were also pretty good.
And that is when the problems start.
She is sure to win awards for this heated portrayal.
This picture has everything any movie could ever have.
Yet he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance.
The movie is not without its share of realism.
Then things go terribly wrong.
Her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotion is simply incredible.
The movie was disturbing at moments.
What is most ironic is this is probably her weakest written role to date.
The other good performance was the little kid.
The movie was probably saved desperately by their performances.
This disc is NOT for the faint of heart.
This is the Who at their most powerful.
The Original Drum and Bass.
This concert footage for me is one of their best.
The crowed went wild.
not to mention acting like an Old West gunslinger.
His great vision and creativity really helped this film.
Some of the camera shots in the film were done very well.
I certainly will not be raving about the story of this film.
The dialect and lifestyle details are accurately reminiscent of this region of the Philippines.
I played it a zillion times during Spring 1993 with my friend Andrew.
Then Streets of Rage 2 came out.
And we quickly forgot that this one even existed.
You even have the chance to become Mr.
Streets of Rage also has truly fantastic music.
Easy to get into and hard to put down.
Baddies often walk away from you instead of engaging in combat.
This is especially infuriating with the Level 5 boss.
Lack of combo moves.
Lack of decent weapons.
Bad guy models are repeated far too often.
Davis as Major General George S.
And sometimes not even then.
All i hear about is how poorly the animation is done.
I hope for a sequel very soon.
I do not think Lady Death would transfer well to film.
Then she seeks revenge.
and the rest you better see it from the movie.
If the movies got anymore awesome.
I would have her babies.
And I am female.
Read the comics you will not regret it.
Yes in this movie since Brian P.
the artist for her died we do not get nearly as good artistic work.
Different Strokes for different folks as the saying goes.
Why everyone else hates that is beyond me.
Character development was fine.
I like how they brought the transition from Hope to Lady Death around.
his dark bruiting style was perfect for this kind of movie.
Gotta find a copy somewhere.
I would have preferred that New Yorker Films had translated the title directly.
This film has renewed my interest in French cinema.
All these incidents cause other events that .
But then this is the magic world of cinema.
Stranger things have happened.
The subtitles quite annoyingly gave both parts of a dialog at once.
This occurs in the first few minutes of the film.
All of that is interesting enough.
That kept me guessing for a while.
A chance meeting at the metro sets the tone for the film.
The best part of the movie comes with about 20 minutes left.
The ending to this movie is top notch.
Some folks might think that was an improvement.
These psychological thrillers are less entertainment than some kind of remote therapy.
This one is a pip.
Meanwhile the rest of the family schemes to sabotage the romance.
The results are predictable.
You get a little bit of everything in this movie.
Sexual tension between the sisters.
A little subtle masochism.
One or two of the actors sound vaguely familiar.
The acting is so bad it is hard to believe.
It was shot in and around LA mostly at night and probably without permits.
The end was so bizarre that I thought it was a joke.
That hilarious line is typical of what these naughty sisters say.
The other is got up to look like Marilyn Monroe.
All three sisters are played by starlets.
He had something of a career.
He also is shown sopping wet in a swimsuit.
The movie is not bad.
I truly do not know where it was shown.
The women are scantily dressed.
But the guy seems to be the central focus.
And I think the audience is meant to also.
Make sure to catch it when broadcast.
The perplexing ending is actually quite consistent with the rest of the film.
and I DO mean it.
But rarely a movie worth watching is actually rated under 6.
The movie is not perfect.
Its true rating should be an 8 or a 9.
The best reason to watch was on the Elvira show a few years back.
Elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can.
I was around 7 when I saw this movie first.
Most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm.
I saw it at a midnight screening in L.
You are the best.
Stargate is the best show ever.
All the actors are absolutely perfect for there roles.
I love the connection between the characters.
If you have not seen this show I very highly recommend it.
Vote 7 and half out of 10.
Instead these guys fight to the death with brutal results.
Several horses get chopped up.
The production is very impressive and the setting is bleak.
Just remember it is not child friendly.
Sadly this has not been true of the films he has made in Hollywood.
I used to LOVE this movie when I was little and I still do.
And It proves that love and friendship can never be destroyed.
This show has been my escape from reality for the past ten years.
I will sadly miss it.
Although Atlantis has filled the hole a small bit.
Robert wrote something that felt close to reality.
From episode one I was hooked.
It has inspired me to do many things that I thought was impossible.
I never want the show to die.
The voice acting for me was what made the movie.
I found it more interesting than that.
This movie has to be my favorite of all time.
or at least I hope that his movies sucked because of these limitations.
This movie is banned in just about every foreign country I can think of.
Just 3 men torturing a woman for about 45 minutes.
The worst is the eye scene.
So I popped this sucker in and sat down.
This ended up not being the case.
The film fails to shock.
The characters had become stale as well.
Colonel Jack O'Neill was the stereotypical hero with emotional baggage.
only allowing his close friends in.
Amanda Tapping joined the cast as Captain Samantha Carter.
Christopher Judge has done quite a bit with a limited character.
He is also a rock.
Davis has done an incredible job with Hammond making him sympathetic and normal.
If not allowed by his superiors to provide troops to support teams off world.
He will go himself.
This gave him confidence.
He still monitors the groups ethics.
He still is lead at providing information that can move any mission forward.
Definitely different from her soldier like character Arin Soon.
I have seen all the guinea pigs and this one is easily the best.
Another movie I'm hiding from my parents.
This movie has no story.
Although I was disgusted by this movie i really liked it.
I guess it fills some kind of purpose.
I have seen the short movie a few years ago.
After that I watch all sequels.
I have already watch the making of Guinea Pig 1.
Also the sequels are excellent in the special effects.
however the scenes with the pinching and the hot oil look very real.
My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Films.
I'm writing this review because I love the Guinea Pig films.
I have seen it all.
from every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster.
This review is for the Devils Experiment.
I find it devoid of story which is fine by me.
The Devils Experiment not only delivers but that is all it is.
Why do people bash it.
It make em feel better about themselves.
We all want blood and gore.
My view is biased cause were releasing them but then again it is not.
The Devils Experiment is NOT for everybody.
What happens next was always unpredictable.
They are simply fun to watch.
Just the ultimate masterpiece in my opinion.
It just keeps getting better and better.
Definitely worth a shot.
You are never sure of who is exactly who in this movie.
This is both a quality and a drawback of the script.
As the movie ends you feel that the story lacks a bit of consistency.
But all this is largely compensated by the excellent psychological development.
This is definitely one of the best movies about gambling.
all the while building the story.
I enjoyed this show for two reasons 1.
Richard Dean Anderson 2.
The chemistry between all the main characters is just tremendous.
This relationship carries over into the program we get to see.
You watch the others roll their eyes in dismay at some of his utterances.
He understands what to do without having to think about the matter.
The quality declined markedly in seasons 9 and 10.
Amanda Tapping was phoning in her performances these two seasons.
You could see her greatly changed appearance after having a baby.
She was probably thinking more about the child than the show.
The major characters lack the chemistry of the cast of the original.
The use of torches for illumination in these ships is just as bad.
I wondered about some of the continuity on the show too.
The patient was in on the con from the beginning.
This is very nearly a perfect film.
It has a definite Hitchcock slant to it.
ten year later perhaps.
Here she gets involved with Joe Mantegna.
I loved this series at first.
I thought it was all brilliant.
I loved them all.
Not a big deal.
It is a worthy successor to this brilliant series.
Davis died a few weeks ago.
It is a great loss.
House of Games is spell binding.
There are few movies I have seen that can grip you so quickly.
From the opening scene this movie just gets you.
From the moment the movie is over it begs to be replayed.
Joe Mantegna was also wonderful.
At least in the beginning.
With the arrival of Mantegna things pick up.
The camera is very cinematic.
The best chunk is in the middle.
I will admit the setup is pretty improbable.
To say anything more about the plot would ruin the suspense.
Some have complained that Dr.
House of Games is a wonderful movie at multiple levels.
It is a fine mystery and a shocking thriller.
At this level it does succeed admirably.
House of Games sticks to its business.
As usual you really ought to see this film in a movie theater.
It should be a natural for film festivals.
Nominate it for one near you if you get the chance.
Better she should see it on a TV than not at all.
An extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings.
And nothing is what it seems.
I will watch it again and again.
Bruce is a guy who is unhappy with his life.
God comes to Bruce and grants him Godly powers.
Bruce uses these powers to get everything he has always wanted.
This movie was inspirational and deep.
This is one of those movies that they did too much promoting for.
If you watch T.
Just do not go see this movie expecting to be surprised.
I absolutely loved this movie.
It met all expectations and went beyond that.
It also had a message.
This movie had me laughing and crying.
It also sends a message that we should all know and learn from.
If you liked liar liar you will love this movie.
What better comic genius to remind us of that than Jim Carry.
Morgan Freeman was just right as God.
My biggest complaint is that they should have used more biblical references.
Bruce Almighty was enjoyable.
Eight out of ten stars.
The only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times.
I laughed out loud and left with a smile.
This movie is very entertaining though.
The movie is a great combination of comedy and typical romance.
In fact all the characters are great.
His character is like all of us.
Morgan Freeman made a great God.
I laughed my ASS off during Liar Liar and Ace Ventura.
Morgan Freeman makes a VERY cool God.
A very funny movie.
It was definitely worth the price of admission.
He was both funny and sad.
I am glad they made a sequel to this film.
God confronts him and show Bruce the error of his ways.
The deleted scenes are priceless.
And it is really funny.
This coherence gives the show exceptional staying power.
I found this highly amusing.
Enter the flagrant abuse of powers for personal gain and to abuse the enemies.
China O'Brien returns home to help out her dad.
Maybe they emphasize too much the lesson that has to be learned.
I found it to be better than the short story it was based on.
The two try to learn a way to save her.
The ending is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touching.
Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why.
A nice story with a heartwarming conclusion.
And the first 20 minutes of the film only heightened that feeling of anticipation.
It has said that The Movies and Baseball both thrived during The Great Depression.
The literature of the time also flourished at all levels.
There were mediums that were ancestral to them.
The other direct ancestor was the Pulp Magazine.
Each of them was an expert in a given field.
We are also puzzled about Mr.
I can remember seeing it quite vividly.
It explains a lot of the stuff that the movie neglected to mention.
That was only the beginning of the adventure.
Unlock the gate and step through.
Ron Ely is just right as Doc.
Doc Savage does not have the extensive location work that Raiders has.
The best way to approach this film is to just RELAX and enjoy.
Overall a great movie to watch on a rainy day.
I give it 7 out of 10.
But they are very close to the feel of the pulps.
This is a VERY entertaining movie.
IT WAS NOT MADE THAT WAY.
All of the actors are obviously having fun while entertaining us.
The actors were not trying to emulate Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan.
This is NOT one of those martial arts films.
An unmissable treat for the whole family.
Ron Ely is a God.
Somerset Maugham stories which comprise the film.
The performances and attention to detail were wonderful to watch.
Both have a rather large number of somewhat cheesy accents and wonderful character actors.
The children ARE a bit tedious and could have been edited.
Again the author introduces the film and the stories.
Soon he has a whole chain of stores.
I will not describe the way Max rises to the occasion.
Culver watches as three stories among these characters play out to their conclusions.
The film ends after the court sums up.
This film delivers an effective story that stays with you once it has finished.
He betrays everything and everybody without an ounce of remorse.
The performance is one of the most chilling performances I have ever seen.
I still can not get over it.
But here she proves she up to the task of heavier drama.
Knox as the Nazi is brilliant.
He charts the course of a Nazi career.
the movie really shines in a couple of areas.
The phone conversation across the border is really memorable.
He has taken the bus to visit his son Norman is Los Angeles.
So RF attempts to reach his wife in Mexico.
I will kill him.
It ends less predictably than you would think.
There was so much that was just off.
You can find the URL in my email address above.
Say what you will about schmaltz.
It is inspiring because it is about people of noble purpose.
It can not all be blamed on Mr.
I'm not comparing George Bush to Adolph Hitler.
The movie had me laughing from start to finish.
and have no profile at all today.
It is very funny and YES very rude and hilariously all wrong.
Just as it should be.
I wish there were more films like this.
Entertaining if a little on the long side.
I found the movie and the performances fun and enjoyable.
Williams is a jewel.
There are a lot of laughs in the process.
Melvyn Douglas proved again that he had few peers in light comedy.
Joan Blondell was at the peak of her career and is a delight.
This movie is very good.
The screenplay is enchanting.
Her performance is excellent.
She brings me to go into the heart of her role.
Paul Lukas plays the very earnest and decent head of his family.
but the dialog is just bad at times.
but that is really about all.
I believe they were telling the truth the whole time.
U cant trust anything in the wild.
They family went through hell.
Those poor boys too young to understand what was going on around them.
As well as dealing with the lose of their little sister.
I cant believe this case went on for so long.
I think everyone should watch this.
8 out of 10.
Religious bigotry is rampant everywhere.
Australia is not immune to it.
This is a very moving motion picture with a terrific cast of actors.
Those with supporting roles are also quite good.
You will remember this movie for many years.
and they deliver in every way.
A CRY IN THE DARK far exceeded my expectations.
A Cry in the Dark is likewise clinical.
What followed was a gross miscarriage of justice.
The whole country was abuzz with whispers of a ritual killing.
A very good effort by the master of that trade.
A strong Aussie cast lend compelling support.
Truly a must for all conscientious Australians.
I found it hard to like anyone in this film.
What is infuriating is that it is not that difficult.
It is difficult enrapture an audience when you purposely deny them insights into yourself.
The story behind the movie is fascinating in and of itself.
The cast just makes it that much more appealing.
Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was inspiring.
I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations.
A pretty good film.
Their is more to the plot but you can find that out for yourself.
Not everyone goes into wild melodramatic hysterics to every major crisis.
It captured the themes of the story brilliantly.
Where this really stands out is the acting.
The performances are excellent.
There is some moderate to strong language and disturbing content in this.
I recommend this to any fellow fan of such.
Lindy Chamberlain was this woman.
She is subsequently arrested and put on trial.
Only after years in jail was he exonerated.
This is one of those movies.
It proves that people are the same the world over.
You will probably get blown away just by what you see here.
I really felt for her when Lindy was being persecuted.
It turned out to be better than I had anticipated.
Paul Lukas was certainly deserving of his Oscar.
Bette Davis shines brilliantly as the great actress and beauty she was.
Some movies seem to be made before we are ready for them.
Today these circuses have become common but that makes the lesson only more important.
The Aussie accents get a bit thick at times but not incomprehensible.
ROLL is a wonderful little film.
Parts of it reminded me of LOCK STOCK AND TWO SMOKING Barrels.
I really want to visit Australia one day.
Some of the best filmmakers in the are Australian.
The cinematography in ROLL was especially impressive.
I loved the stylized colors and lighting in many of the scenes.
Mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day.
Toby and Damien were well cast together and did an outstanding job.
And then things go wrong.
I have just watched Roll and what a pleasure it turned out to be.
Watch out for these two.
I am of course kidding.
He feels that FDR connived the U.
Paul Lukas deserved the Oscar he won.
They are moneyed people who could silently advance evil simply by not opposing it.
i will keep checking in.
it also has some of the same delicacy and persistent poignancy.
The previous reviewer has said it exactly.
I still remember some of the scenes.
I recall going to the library researching all that I could on this story.
I even wrote to the PBS station for more information.
There was one other bidder but I was determined to win this movie.
The losing bidder wrote me asking for a copy which I gave her.
Almost 30 years later I recall this original PBS film as almost unbearably tender.
Bo and Luke Duke help Uncle Jesse run Moonshine in the General Lee.
Coltrane was way too serious.
Back to the movie.
The real star is of course the General Lee.
The car chases and stunts are excellent and that is really what D.
And I really enjoyed this flick.
I enjoyed myself here a lot more than I did with other summer blockbusters.
And as far as the plot goes.
It was the perfect Dukes plot.
And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe.
In the movie Roscoe is a little.
I saw this movie when I was a child.
It blew me away.
I would recommend this movie to any and everyone.
The color was outstanding.
I even liked most of the actors in it.
Davis they would be laughed off the screen.
The possible exception is Now Voyager.
I absolutely adore this film.
Some of the back story on this production is fascinating.
This is a beautiful movie filled with adventure.
The Genii in the bottle is a classic scene.
I loved every minute of it.
A fantastic Arabian adventure.
He collects amazing toys from around the world.
And the scene with the giant spider looks especially awful.
But it is not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions.
Also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet.
Of course good gets a little help from an unlikely source.
Not a bad message to be sending out in 1940 at that.
Everything is rushed as if they has to suddenly get to the end.
Probably the finest fantasy film ever made.
Doubtless Spielberg and Lucas were enthralled by this one.
Every frame has its own magical charm.
Here is a film that will never grow old.
I have never passed up an opportunity to watch it throughout the intervening years.
This remarkable picture ranks as one of the finest fantastic films of all time.
8 out of 10.
Here is a villain worth watching.
The rest of the cast do fine work.
The two escape and take a boat to the city of Basra.
Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden.
Then he is captured.
The Prince has fallen into a sleep and nothing can wake her.
He does awaken her.
His first is for sausages.
He has the genie take him to Ahmad.
Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess.
She smells a flower and forgets everything at once.
The production designs are just stunning in this movie.
From the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter.
The music and songs are also well done.
A wonderful film highlighting American positive propaganda against a wicked foe.
Rex Ingram made me believe in genies.
He set the bar very high.
I watch this movie at least twice a year.
and never tire of it.
This film is an adventure for all ages.
I was ten years old the first time I saw it and the U.
was just about to enter WWII.
Yet they fit into the story well.
The effects fit with the script.
Everything is just so beautiful.
The sets are beautiful.
Those effects still work their charm.
The giant genie is ably acted by Rex Ingram.
Butler and Tom Howard.
Both men had long and distinguished careers in technical wizardry.
This is one of the best of its kind.
I have to agree with MR.
Lillian was actually months ahead of her time with this work.
Lukas fought in Spain on the Republican side and was wounded there.
His health has not been the same since.
His family loyally supports him in whatever decision he makes.
Those decisions affect all the other members of the cast.
The MGM art and music departments also did a good job.
Also notice that Ms.
This is a most handsome film.
There is precious little in the story line that relates to actual events.
These web sites can be located by using any good search engine.
There are also several books available concerning his life history.
He was singing Jose in Carmen in San Francisco the night of the earthquake.
His acting is natural and genuine.
And why should it.
To say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest.
His contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost an afterthought.
The result was a wonderful movie.
I like it because of my recent personal experience.
Especially the ideas that everyone is free and that everything is finite.
The movie did a good job making this simple day a good memory.
Before Sunrise did not try to instill a specific thought into your head.
The end was not quite important after all.
Movies are supposed to be enjoyable.
This is an enjoyable movie and worth of your time to watch it.
I am on a journey too.
The movie somehow represented some part of me and answered some of my questions.
But will this newfound relationship last past sunrise.
I am now restless waiting for the weekend so I can see the sequel.
Will soften even the hardiest heart.
I'm not usually a fan of strictly romantic movies but heard this was good.
Easily the most romantic thing I have ever seen in my life.
The chemistry is flawless as is the writing and directing.
You can not look away nor can you stop listening to them.
Even the little moments just melt your heart.
On the train he met a French girl Celine.
Then the romantic story unfolded.
At first they were cautious.
The funniest scene was their listening to CD in music store.
Their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words.
Love is a strange thing.
Love needs mutual understanding.
Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.
Excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie.
One of the best romance movies.
the most amazing combination of love and psyche of two young people.
presented in the most sublime manner and definitely touches your heart.
the movie re affirms your faith in love and pain of separation.
the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and anything can be sacrificed.
A must see movie for all the people who believe in true love.
What the actors bring out is what becomes of them .
right or wrong even the idea bearers would find it difficult to justify.
This is a slow moving story.
I really mean that.
Still it did not ruin the movie.
The dialog is fascinating.
The build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding.
Krebs of the nineties.
I was totally satisfied with the outcome and everything else.
But it certainly spoke to me.
They must have improvised during some parts and it works well.
They have a great chemistry in their roles.
I get the feeling that this was a very personal work for Mr.
It definitely touched me and I hope it touches others just as much.
Of course my favorite character was the Grandmother played by Lucile Watson.
But I loved the way Betty Davis and her family was portrayed.
did not act like children in the slightest.
This movie is intelligent.
The actors play absolutely brilliantly.
Balancing on this fine line demands outrageously talented actors.
This is simply a gem of a movie that you can not miss.
The dialog is perfect.
They talk and fall in love.
This is a movie that ultimately benefits from more than one viewing.
See it and it may change your way of life.
i watched this movie 10 years ago.
and have watched it on video an average of once a year since.
We are too afraid to check that out.
It does not strike me as totally wrong.
Few can claim that.
It has dialog with bite in it.
And what it says is quite true.
It also has moments of near poetry.
Hellman could write very well at times.
Dialog and acting are great.
I love the characters and their ideas and thoughts.
But that is not the point.
Their story is what we ever wanted and probably most of us never reached.
This was so clever and touching.
I want to go to Vienna.
I want to see them as soon as possible again.
They are both masterpieces.
I'm sorry for my English which i m trying to best.
My vote is ten.
Before Sunrise is romance for the slacker generation.
Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna.
Before Sunrise is simultaneously beautiful and captivating.
Before Sunrise is what it is.
This movie focuses purely on watching the budding of a beautiful romance.
What makes this pairing so romantic is how real it is.
This is exactly they way you would dream that you meet that special someone.
It just adds to the feeling of romantic nirvana that the film suggests.
One can not help but be touched deeply by looking at this movie.
We have several dimensions of love that contributes to the value of this movie.
There is the divine love of God that is beautifully portrayed.
There is the love in a marriage.
He knows that he and his wife are one and can never be separated.
Talk to someone and let them know you love them.
Love does no good unless it is given to another.
this movie has a real feel to it.
Give this film your full attention and its message will truly inspire.
Her leftist views were not well regarded at the time in the country.
The adaptation is credited to Ms.
They are crossing the border to the United States from Mexico.
They are to continue toward Mrs.
We find out that Mr.
The film offers excellent acting all around.
This was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption.
Loved the film and it brought tears to my eyes.
A Vow to Cherish is a wonderful movie.
The main characters experience inner struggles and cope with extremely hard decisions.
I know that it may seem a bit idealistic.
Ken Howard is also memorable as the faithful husband.
But nobody forces you to do so.
The ending is very predictable but satisfying.
She displays a knack for comedy as well as an ability to do drama.
The mechanics of the film are a lot of fun too.
The camera displays sophisticated late silent techniques like mobility.
The title cards are also incredibly clever.
I remember seeing promos for this show before it appeared back in 1993.
I will tell you a tale of the summer of 1994.
Desmond Howl had it all.
Canadian cinema suffers from several problems.
who are now still trying to become adults.
and they are having such a hard time adjusting to a regular life.
as they see the new bands etc getting the spotlight.
it is almost like they have to begin anew.
and that is where I find the film sad and depressing.
and she is one lady in a film you will cheer for.
This is an almost perfect movie.
sad but in a way positive.
because of the whales.
I do not know why.
I was in a bad frame of mind when I first saw this movie.
I was amazingly impressed by this movie.
He finds a companion who comes with her own issues.
Des is an unlikely character by todays standards of a rock star.
Yet he has musical genius.
Claire is the streetwise kid that needs a place to stay.
She finds hidden talents while being in Des company.
She also finds a mutual friend that accepts her.
She learns to trust him over a period of time.
These two find love with one another.
two of them in fact.
The bailiff comes by to tell her that she is in a huge debt.
I thought my jawbones would burst.
The acting was outstanding in this movie.
He just cracks me up.
Watch this movie if you ever get a chance.
This is an hilarious movie.
It can also make you laugh so hard your health will improve.
I love this film.
Either would have killed the film completely.
The music was good though not great but filled out the movie nicely.
Her dearly departed has left her with no money and outstanding debts.
Craig Ferguson is equally amiable as Matthew.
The film is thoroughly likable and always amusing.
The supporting cast also does a fine job.
The premise alone is appealing.
And the film plays around with the premise wisely every now and then.
You just might feel more than a little festive after seeing it.
This light hearted comedy should be enjoyed for entertainment value.
The cast of characters meld well together and are quite believable in their roles.
How Grace handles meeting her dead husbands girlfriend was well played.
The last five minutes cost it 2 points in my rating.
I saw Saving Grace right after it came out on video.
The characters are what makes the movie so good.
You will love it.
This film was brilliant.
It was beautifully acted in the more serious scenes and the funny moments were .
I just thought it was excellent and I still do.
Sisters in law will be released theatrically on march 24th in Sweden.
A good occasion for our Nordic friends to discover this original and thoughtful documentary.
Games with this much replay value are few and far between.
Super Mario 64 is undoubtedly the greatest game ever created.
but I hope to achieve them eventually.
The controls are great.
The Bowser fights are challenging.
good for playing in short bursts of time.
I heard that Luigi and Yoshi are in the game towards the end.
The characters are really great.
Especially for it is time.
I found the graphics in the water courses very very good.
This is my favorite part of the game.
Or at least one of the best.
It beats out mediocre Super Mario Sunshine any day.
I have played this game plenty of times and its good every time.
This game is amazing.
Although it is ancient now it was amazing when it came out.
I believe that this game will always be a classic.
You can spend four hours in one level.
You enter the world by going through a painting.
10 out of 10.
There is brief language in this.
I recommend this to any fan of romance stories.
I only hope this film gets a wide release in the United States.
My biggest criticism is the scenery.
It is far too lush.
England has never been like this.
It looks like a chocolate box.
Only Americans would make it like this.
Despite these criticisms I enjoyed this film but would recommend the TV adaptation more.
I wish she had read a little more.
She will hopefully be around for a real long time.
It is one of those old stories that are still accurate those days.
I specially like it when she sings a duet.
I thought you overqualified.
The film is though for some reason very entertaining and I loved it.
Her growing romance with the unparalleled Mr.
Knightly with his poise and nobility.
This is a powerful documentary about domestic abuse in the Cameroon.
And the movie they made deserves a wide audience.
a really enjoyable and deserving movie.
The acting is competent.
Emma is a true romance.
He makes and excellent romantic lead.
It enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary.
They nearly steal the show.
But it is with characters like Emma that she really shines.
And that is the magic of the movies.
Emma is that movie.
One of the beaten wives also is seeking a divorce.
The outcomes in each case are favorable to the women and children.
This is a highly important and well made film.
What a delightful film.
Toni Collette was great as Harriett Smith.
One of the most endearing characters I have come across in ages.
From one of the opening scenes when she is thanking Mr.
I hope that this film delights you all as much as it has myself.
I love this movie.
This movie is definitely on my top 10 list of good movies.
Make the World go away.
Get it off my shoulder.
Then they start to improve their live by hating away memories.
The sound effects during this were great.
Things really got weird at the end.
It just has to be seen.
the only word that sums up this movie is quirky.
8 out of ten.
I was in for a surprise.
without working that hard.
People complain about the movie being too simple or too boring.
The judges waste no time in lashing out at the woman with fury.
The two leads are great and really carry the film.
This should become a cult favorite.
I thought this was an awesome movie.
It was very weird and unrealistic.
The big cable company is mainly what I'm talking about.
Everything fit together well.
The plain white cover and title intrigued me.
it would have done very well indeed.
It had the audience laughing the whole time.
See it if you can.
I would love to write some more but am on quite a time limit.
However I encourage anyone and everyone to give this film a try.
They live in a strange looking house beneath two freeways.
They are left alone.
They have chemistry and also work very well.
Keep your eyes peeled for this guy.
but it won me over by the end.
just do not ask me to explain it.
And of course that is exactly what happens.
The rest of the story places Dave and Andrew in this world of nothingness.
The entire world of nothing is white.
white no matter in what direction you look.
This is the weakness of this film.
One of the best parts of the film is the set.
Nothing features digital visual effects and prosthetics that equals any modern horror film.
We do not know where they are or what has happened to them.
You will be glad you did.
But that is where even more problems begin.
Just say you hate it and why you hate it.
The direction of the mass scenes in the rehearsal rooms was enormously well done.
The story never really got lost in this frantic pace.
These sequences got a lot a chuckles from the audience as well.
All in all a great film with a sour ending.
The ice cream cone is invented in New York.
Got to be a new record.
And he could dance.
Basically he was a leading man in the body of a character actor.
Such energy and vitality.
I thought I was just going to be rewarded with a small headache.
One of the last releases before the Motion Picture Production Code was strictly enforced.
Gentility and morality made sure of it.
Chester has trouble with people trying to steal his ideas for his shows.
This is a very entertaining film with lots of comedy and plenty of laughs.
One of the best musicals ever.
I would love to know.
How anyone can say this is bad is beyond me.
I loved this show before I even saw it.
Jessica Alba and 3.
The girls are sure game.
They come up smiling with water in their eyes and still hit their marks.
The whole thing must have been incredibly difficult and exhausting.
a human picture forms of Franklin Roosevelt and the NRA eagle.
The movie is full of juicy clichs that make us smile.
And it needs to be said that he was not bad at it.
He plays the role with a lot of confidence.
So do the characters and actors that are portraying them.
Once again the musical numbers also feature a young Billy Barty.
A recommendable early genre movie.
But we always have the movies as a way to escape our troubles.
Apparently Blondell was the only other woman who Cagney loved apart from his wife.
And you can see the mutual adoration in every scene.
This is a wonderful film.
The musical productions of Busby Berkeley will never be duplicated.
I think this movie easily outdoes all of his other efforts.
Joan Blondell and James Cagney are incredible together.
Cagney is always terrific.
I do not understand the John Garfield issue though.
I found it on Turner Classics.
I found it by wonderful accident.
But this is a pretty strange movie.
After a while it gets a bit too much.
But none of them really mean anything.
Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go off really well.
From that point of view it is utter fantasy.
I will gladly watch this film again and again and again and.
But it is all in fun.
7 out of 10.
Herman Bing is hilarious in his one tiny scene as a music arranger.
These are all scenes from a 1933 musical.
Kent is basically an idea man along the lines of choreographer Busby Berkeley.
It has a story.
She is the perfect partner for James Cagney .
Those behind the curtains were hit as bad as those in front.
Some other competitors get wind of it and the competition is on.
But it is so creative and fun to watch.
John Garfield is seen briefly in the Shanghai Lil number.
I think the brothers Warner were playing a little joke there.
I have got to believe that clip was deliberate.
Note the African guys mixed into the scene with white and Asian prostitutes.
Here the black guys are sitting at the bar and singing with the others.
wholeheartedly supported the uplift dictated by the F.
In a few months the Production Code would eliminate such naughty pleasures.
The overall effect is highly erotic and mesmerizing.
A thoroughly enjoyable Depression era romp.
A dark fable for adults.
I hope that a box set of Longstreet will appear.
I also believe that Dark Angel will become a cult favorite.
Thus enabling them to continue their struggle.
Well worth a viewing.
The producers must have got something right.
Not to be missed.
The ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important.
I do not think this is the point of the film at all.
I commend pictures that try something different.
A real window into a specific time and place in history.
Could almost believe this was a true story in a parallel universe.
Gotta start with Ed Furlong on this one.
God bless this kid.
Maybe that is why his performance was good.
The twists keep on coming.
Not glossed over a bit.
These guys are twins.
And some of them are smoking hot.
Merry mayhem is what would happen.
I have to say I totally loved the movie.
It shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up.
I had friends who were picked on for one thing or another .
And if you need it explained to you .
This film has good characters with excellent performances from the cast.
The slick soundtrack betrays the murder ballad tone of the film.
I just finished watching this film and found it very enjoyable.
And David plays the bad guy to perfection.
There is much more to this film than first meets the eye.
His character held my attention.
The other people in the story were essential in the makeup of his character.
The way they banded together to help one another was truly awe inspiring.
This is one of the most interesting movies I have ever seen.
I love the backwoods feel of this movie.
The movie is very realistic and believable.
Henry Thomas works well with the young baby.
Very moving story and worth a look.
I saw this film last night on cable and it is extraordinary.
This film is wonderfully atmospheric.
I recommend it highly.
I think that Fox has done it again.
This movie is great to make fun of.
Rent it for a good laugh.
And that is when they meet Ernest Keller.
And he offers to let them stay at his home.
Just seeing this cast in these scenes makes it worth a look.
Barbara Bach and Doug Barr make nice eye candy.
This film is creepy yet cheesy at the same time.
I rated it an 8 out of 10.
His persistent friendliness and almost naturally perverted appearance are exactly what the character needed.
The final shot is especially sad.
Get this film if at all possible.
The gals ask around but there is just nowhere to go.
Bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are.
A real treat for your collection.
all the acting done in the first season has been really amazing.
the minis do the best acting job that i have ever seen kids do.
the main actors and actresses i.
Jessica Alba Michael Weatherly etc.
make you forget you are watching a fictional t.
show they seem to make this show come alive.
all in all this is the best show i have ever watched.
One is the art direction.
The other thing is the comic timing.
I thought I should qualify my position after reading other reviews.
The lighting and scenes along with the camera work are great.
The music is pretty good and the gore is good.
There was no sex scenes.
I gave it 7 out of 10 and I think that is fair.
I would watch it again if I had nothing better to do.
The film just wanders along its merry way with very little development.
A decent effort and worth seeing IF you like serial killer flicks.
Campbell is to check this film out anyway and see what else Mr.
Campbell are trying to show you.
Check this one out.
I think this show is definitely the greatest show.
Jessica Alba does such a great job in it.
It was a revelation to us.
Obviously we were wrong.
But we both chose that love anyway.
That kind of stuff is for the Christian wackos.
As we aged we stopped having extramarital affairs.
This story is not far fetched.
My wife and I have been sleeping together for the last 40 years.
We are still gay.
It is a fantasy not unlike a cinder girl becoming a Princess.
Pretty boys being looked after by older not so pretty men.
Bathhouses were an integral part of the gay community.
This movie is as unique as it is overlooked.
The only other problem with that is that Stella herself is a lesbian.
What she finds will leave the viewer stunned.
What was lacking for me was a coherent storyline.
If you take it too seriously the audience will find little to enjoy.
The budget of around 10 million has not been well spent.
The opening action is okay but after that the good moments become more sparse.
There are some good moments.
As for the cast.
Hidden Agenda boasted the best cast Dolph has worked with in ages.
This however has problems.
The actors are on the most part bad.
This movie is all about Dolph though.
It also marks a turning point in his career.
This is an absolute great show.
She is definitely one of a kind and absolutely gorgeous.
This should be higher then 4.
There is a bit of blood and violence.
Jennifer Baxter is very cute and is good as The fiance.
rest of the cast do fine.
I just viewed Detention last night and i liked what i saw.
It was a cool fun movie.
Dolph looked superbly cool on the Bike.
He also looked good in this movie as compared to his other recent movies.
He is now in a pretty good shape.
But it also had its share of Problems.
Another problem which i had was the way the students were swearing.
The third problem was that the bad guys were very few in numbers.
There should have been more bad guys.
Overall the movie was a good Movie.
I would recommend others to watch it.
Now u r a DEAD beat cop.
Rarely has something free been so worth invaluable.
He would deal with her later.
It was led by a German American taking his cue directly from the homeland.
These great films may be too simplistic for World War II history buffs.
It was truly a lot of fun.
The special effects were wonderful.
Blair Witch and The Mummy.
Both films that I thought were terrible.
Blair was probably the most overrated horror film of all time.
People liked it for it is special effects.
But that is about it.
A lot of computer generated special effects and nothing more.
Check this one out and form your own opinion on it.
I give this picture 7 out of 10.
Some films just simply should not be remade.
This is one of them.
In and of itself it is not a bad film.
But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.
I do not know why the critics trashed this movie.
I hardly ever agree with them anyway.
Liam was great as always.
The special and sound effects were awesome.
I know it is fashionable now to hate this movie.
I have seen it 15 times now and it gets better every time.
The Haunting lets go and is certainly not boring.
The old Haunting was also a fine film from 1963.
It was even more scary.
What I wish could have happened is for something a little more intense.
The Haunting could have used a few more scenes of pure terror.
The acting is good and there are moments that make you jump.
I just wish it scared me more.
It seems to be a perfect day for swimming.
There is a double question the movie poses.
Some psychological battling there.
It just absolutely rattled me.
I was on vacation with my aunts in Ft.
The plot is about as simple as it gets.
The friction between them is a hoot.
Still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion.
He died in 1988.
It just makes me feel good.
The two are like apples and oranges.
I watched this movie after seeing it on Broadway.
I love the Broadway musical and I love the movie.
I watched the movie like it was not related to the Broadway show.
I danced for 12 years before I had to make a choice.
I was however super talented as a show rider.
and dedicate to one or the other.
I love the movie.
I love the Broadway musical.
Douglas is also probably not the best choice for the part.
but best of all.
i suggest you do to.
I love this movie.
This is a great movie.
That is an incorrect view.
And that I think is really the point of the whole show.
This is a study of life as a Broadway star.
This is a great musical.
The estate looked like an old prison.
His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very frightening.
Ann Heywood was also very good as the cynical Cathie.
Thank heavens for Turner Classic which aired the show last week.
Some of the boys are a bit scary.
Time has helped heal those wounds.
Understandably because of this the film is seldom aired or available to modern audiences.
Also has the best signature tune of any comedy show.
The comedy rests on the mix of the people sharing.
A man and two women.
Ironically the party was held to say goodbye to their old flatmate.
The obvious ends up happening as he moves in.
What a pity modern comedy can not reach that high standard.
This was in fact untrue.
They are so impressed by his culinary skills that they invite him to stay.
But there must be no naughty business.
So Robin has to pretend to be gay.
She was not alone.
He worked so well he was made into a regular.
Most of its characters had never appeared in the series.
His attention to use of light within scenes is remarkable.
The ending is wonderful.
I must confess that I was completely shocked by this film.
If you think you are into this kind of thing then go.
Overall the film is about real people in an unusual situation.
The second season though suddenly became a bit odd compared to the first.
So I really wish they could start making new episodes.
And with James Cameron behind this it can not go wrong.
I caught this on the dish last night.
I liked the movie.
I liked the look Ben Chaplin has through the whole movie.
Rent it or catch it on the dish like I did.
Maybe they are too implausible.
Birthday Girl is a movie I have enjoyed several times.
Rest of the cast are fine.
I know what I'm talking about.
You will love it.
I spent a ton of time putting it together.
So check it out.
You can not just order her to arrive at your airport.
US Immigration would NEVER allow such a thing to happen.
This is not Great Cinema but I was most entertained.
Given most films these days this is High Praise indeed.
Every time I see Nicole I like her more.
I love a movie like this.
Funny how people miss the point.
I forgot what a gorgeous woman she is.
Some unexpected turns in the story are good for the suspense.
A small funny film.
One think is sure too.
Here she is a natural woman and she does a really great job.
Instead it accurately records necessary growth arising from the films unique circumstances.
Maybe it is just makeup but it was amazing.
Despite my gratuitous digs at Ms.
Nothing prepared me for how brilliant the show is.
The society is suffering from corruption.
The atmosphere is astounding.
It proved to be quite worthy of watching.
She just keeps proving that she is one of the top talents in Hollywood.
This film is definitely an odd love story.
until two hours of write this.
The woman that he finds comes from Russia.
And I'm not sorry in say that this is a masterpiece.
Three out of four stars.
The acting is first class and the characters are represented well.
My vote is eight.
This is not a big budget film.
Rather it is a film that has a strong community feel.
it is to behold .
But it is a less glamorous and more in you face tale.
The Scots excel at storytelling.
She makes the characters come alive.
The same story is told in bars the length and breadth of Scotland.
The discussion continued to closing time.
Stories passed down like this become part of our being.
And also introduces the story that stretches back through generations.
It produces stories within stories.
The stuff of legend.
This is what gives it its special charm.
He burns with frustration.
Yet there is a deeper conflict within him.
He yearns to know the truth.
She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada.
Finally someone has the sense to create a show for her.
The supporting case seems quite good too.
I have now watched the pilot several times and I still find it refreshing.
It is a fresh idea and hopefully it does well.
One thing I just thought of though.
Shame on Global for pulling the plug on this one.
I thought this one would be a winner.
It is a great story and also inspires others.
It is unfortunate that the Challenger Accident delayed and hurt the movie.
The 20th Anniversary of the Challenger Accident is coming up.
Julia has been growing up fast.
Wow are we ever going to miss his movies if society collapses.
definitely needed a little work in season 2.
Very good drama in season two.
I was seriously hoping for a third and final season.
I would recommend this as a nice night in movie and a 7 Vote.
Just a cute movie with some subtle comedy to lighten things up.
I personally really like movies like this from time to time.
Nothing too deep or too scary.
Just a nice story line.
And I would have never known Mr.
Phoenix had I not recently read the credits.
He was just a baby really when he made this movie.
Kelly Preston was quite the young budding actress then too.
She and Lea did a wonderful job in this movie.
I agree it is not an Oscar caliber movie.
But very much worth watching.
Or ones that are interested in the space program.
Space Camp is a pretty decent film.
The scene where the shuttle doors open in space is simply spectacular.
it just looks average.
I remember this scene in the theater.
It made you feel like you were really up there.
I was quite impressed.
This film is none of those.
SO sit back with your kids and prepare to enjoy.
The perfect space fantasy film.
This would not be a family film if they all died.
Then it will all be sad.
That sucks so bad.
This film is the best for sure.
And the oxygen in ship was running short.
The view was great from outer space.
It does not look unreal.
i would like to comment the series as a great effort.
I'm glad they did.
Which really enhanced the viewing a lot.
I had never heard of the others in the movie.
I finally found it available in a certain store and bought it.
I will probably have it forever.
This movie gets a 9 out of 10 from me.
Watching this movie again really brought back some great childhood memories .
It was just like revisiting my childhood.
It was an absolutely amazing experience for me.
I will always cherish this movie for that reason.
Those outlets can only show you what happened on the outside.
This film shows you what happened on the INSIDE.
It is a sight you will not soon forget.
We must never forget.
Now I have seen the movie.
Thank God I did.
It offered me closure.
I can now move on with my life.
As the second plane crashes the people understand that this is not an accident.
No other documentary even comes close.
I can not see how this could have been done any different.
I have read most of the comments here.
But I do not think narration is unnecessary.
Like I lot of theorists I think that our own lives are narrations.
We are living and making our own autobiography.
We create a story about our live.
Because in the form of a story we can identify ourselves.
So that is the purpose of adding a story in documentary.
If it was me out there I would be worried sick about my brother.
In my view it would have been better to leave this out.
Nevertheless it is compelling viewing for the depiction of the events.
Conspiracy theorists can go to hell by the way.
Jules asked the captain to follow him into the Towers.
It took me a year to come to grips with the devastation.
I was sick of hearing about it.
It was the first time I had cried since the attack.
I highly recommend this documentary.
These two brothers make me want to have been there to help.
This movie had nobody known.
To sum this documentary up in a few words is next to impossible.
The story was thought up by two French brothers living in New York.
Then the unthinkable occurs.
His work is professional through his baptism of fire.
It ranks up there with the Hindenburg footage in showing history as it unfolds.
I also commend CBS for their bravery at airing this special.
Heroism at its finest and the cost of freedom.
I can not just choose one scene that stood out for me.
There was truly a disturbance in the Force.
This documentary vividly reveals this disturbance.
The feelings are so incredibly visual.
Not a thing is missed.
This is a powerful and most moving documentary and well deserving of the Emmy.
You will need them.
I know that I did.
This is an amazing documentary about a shocking day.
I beg you to consider the fact that the documentary was made.
The courage that it took to shoot this film is most notable.
We find that the two brothers are split up when that moment happened.
I submit a wholehearted 10.
Action will never reach this level.
It spoke of things inescapable to the eye of the camera.
It is art without question or questions.
Tears came to my eyes watching this documentary.
All my memories returned and just the intense images were unbelievable.
How these guys were able to capture this footage was incredible.
That reason alone is why this should be a must see collectors item.
The brothers appear to realistically portray the process of becoming a NYC firefighter.
Life and death hang in the balance.
They were probably added just to attract more television viewers.
Nonpareil portrayals of raw human emotion and drama.
5 out of 10.
The effect would be greater.
I'm reading the books now.
Anyone not moved by this television show is immune to anything.
My roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her.
But I do not think we thought about what they were really going though.
They heard the bodies collapsing on the ground from people jumping out the windows.
May God bless their kind and brave hearts.
She got to see the truth of what had happened that tragic day.
No one expected this to happen.
How wrong I was.
You can not duplicate this.
A great piece of work.
A thin story with many fine shots.
You can see his humor in all his movies.
I love Monte Carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
I thought everyone was very good.
George Hamilton was charming and the perfect Italian gigolo.
James Belushi is hysterical as a total jerk.
Cybill Shepard gave a very sweet performance as a nice vulnerable ignored housewife.
Just a nice pick me up for a dreary day.
I Spent 5 Years searching for it.
Because his characters are loved and ask to be loved.
But he succeeds in making a good product.
It has an interesting plot complete with lovable characters.
The three main actors.
The show was hilarious to say the least.
Simple and complex jokes that could appeal to all ages.
Running jokes throughout the series that could spawn a drinking game.
I enjoyed this movie.
It is not surprising that this character is vulnerable and nominally eccentric.
I saw that when I was little and it was excellent.
I'm glad to see that I'm not the only one that loved this movie.
we would watch it all the time.
Big rock candy mountain is amazing.
it is so fuzzy and colorful that i dream about it at night.
i recommend that people of all ages watch this movie.
we are going to order pizza and watch the teddy bears giggle.
This show teaches good lessons about imagination and getting along well with others.
Some parts I found quite entertaining.
I would recommend this.
Chuck Norris have many plans for the future .
Good marshal arts acting.
Perhaps the writer should actually WATCH the movie before attempting to comment on it.
I have always enjoyed seeing Chuck Norris in film.
I also enjoyed seeing Judson Mills perform along side him.
The movie was very similar to the events of Sept.
It has a lot of adventure in it.
You will not be disappointed with either one.
A time when it was in to be a swinger.
Not much more to it.
Anna is always eating but must have incredible metabolism.
50 CAN a month you can spend.
Lars Von Triers Europa is an extremely good film.
The final scene is one of the most harrowing scenes ever.
This movie is far better than the original The Jerk.
I would highly recommend it to anyone who like quirky humor.
The card game with the hobos and then with Mr.
The scene at the dinner table and his distaste for turtle soup.
The original The Jerk was too choreographed ans staged.
The Jerk Too is a spoof and will be enjoyed by anyone.
The Jerk Too is family friendly unlike the original The Jerk.
taking nothing away from Marty.
I wish I could get a copy of it for my collection.
I urge you to see it if you can find it.
I'm on the opposite end of the previous comment.
I say give this movie some credit.
It does have plenty of laughs in it.
I do not understand.
My confusion lies with the content.
303 Brownings in a dorsal turret.
Really loved the cinematography and direction.
Pace was just right and the portrayals of nearly all characters was impressive.
and I have yet to see Gladiator.
Everything from marriage to homosexuality is addressed and respected.
I replay their scenes over and over again.
Anyone who has ever been in love will empathize with these people.
All characters are cast and portrayed excellently.
I have watched this movie numerous times and it always makes me laugh.
Very nicely done movie.
It does stay in your memory.
He is good and exudes charm.
I'm glad it allowed as I have heard the sequels are equally outrageous.
Everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it.
For entertainment value I found this movie to be both engaging and repugnant.
They depict the seats of government as being like a revivalist Baptist church.
It is really well done and very entertaining.
It clearly marks a moment in time for our collective consciousness.
the guts and entrails were actually very convincing.
very good for a laugh.
But It was a great mystery that can happen to anyone of us.
i found this movie really great and scary.
and the mind is a powerful thing.
i recommend to watch this movie.
for those who rate it a 1.
they do not understand the film.
and how bad the ocean life can be for each and everyone of us.
One of the great classic comedies.
This is THE spoiler.
We do not see that she is alone.
The girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat.
But I closed my eyes.
The other role that sticks in my mind is that of William Conrad.
I would never see or heard of him before this film.
Conrad plays a terrific part in this film.
It seems to have disappeared from the face of the earth.
Only Phyllis Kirk has any feeling for him.
They humiliate Sinatra and run him out of town.
Pity for some reason this has not been seen for years.
Bill is an excellent actor and would love to see him in more films.
It was a wonderful ensemble performance from all concerned.
i have seen it 3 times so far.
I watched the movie in a preview and I really loved it.
The cast is excellent and the plot is sometimes absolutely hilarious.
Post WWII life is simply and idyllically portrayed.
Art Direction and Editing are way above par.
I enjoyed Still Crazy more than any film I have seen in years.
The concert at the end was unreal.
You have to watch it.
Once again great movie.
I suppose it is fitting that this was his last film.
4 out of 10.
I love this movie.
I would like to see more movies like this.
And when you get to the final scene.
I thought this movie was fantastic.
Kinda reminded me of Spinal Tap.
You will not regret seeing this movie.
I know I do not.
Bruce Robinson was awesome.
Helena was a lovely girlfriend.
The point is this movie deserves repeated viewings.
He has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him.
But all the actors are equally brilliant.
Ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it.
Another example of the unique talents of Cary Grant.
So I rented it.
And that is not bad at all.
He sets off in search of the other members of the band.
Somewhat reluctantly the band agree to give the reunion a try.
But he wants them to start touring again first.
And so they hit the club circuit around Europe.
It is on tour that the film really starts to develop.
And they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made playing together so enjoyable.
Guess I will have to rent that next.
She loves the song so much now.
A triple whammy there.
The soundtrack is excellent.
All Grant can do is moan.
A classic movie that is really a treasure.
Far much better than Spinal Tap for instance.
They want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much.
Like anyone of us.
It was just another movie I watched partly on TV.
Then on several film posters and the film script.
A story about men getting along with each other.
It contains some of the best actors possible.
I'm addicted to this film.
I'm addicted to Strange Fruit.
This movie is tremendous for uplifting the Spirits.
The soundtrack is unbelievable.
Each member of Fruit are quite memorable.
The lifestyle depicted was remarkable in itself.
This was the first time I saw real people using cordless phones.
at the time anyway.
BTW I am a married man.
One of the Hong Kong Films of the year.
Strongly recommended to all Asian films lovers.
The ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable.
Election does have some faults with the majority coming in the opening third.
Where Election really soars is its attention to that fine detail.
Simon Yam was my favorite character here and sort of anchors the picture.
Both films are gangster epics that are similar in form.
And while Election is an enjoyable piece of cinema.
it is just not nearly as good as it is sequel.
This has disastrous results and heads the triads into an all out war.
Much of the film is devoted to the recovery of the Baton.
Fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect.
This is dark and grim.
The pacing is relatively slow and deliberate.
People just randomly do things regardless of how their personalities were set up prior.
The performances are reasonably amusing and colorful.
Big D will change his tune or.
Another good watch would be Dragon Squad.
Election marks the 2nd trial society theme movie directed by Johnnie To.
Election has hardly failed any critics who wants an different trial society theme movie.
This film really deserves more recognition than its getting.
And a scream or two.
I was really excited about seeing this film.
I thought finally Australia had made a good film.
but I was wrong.
This was the most pathetic attempt at a slasher film ever.
I was expecting a big surprise about who the killer was.
which turned this realistic slasher film into an awful horror movie.
It was the first time I have seen a theatrically release Australian slasher flick.
I thought that the movie was pretty good.
mostly everything in UL final cut needed to be improved.
The best part of CUT is the killer and the death scenes.
i give cut a 8 out of 10.
There is so much to love in this darling little comedy.
It falls somewhere in the middle.
None of these comments are relevant.
Probably a bit of both.
This is not a bad movie.
So this might be an example of what the genre has become.
I liked it I gave it an eight.
The Direction is good.
Jessica Napier is cute and does fine as the other heroine.
Rest of the cast are fine.
however there are some good positives in this film.
there are a few concerns about this movie.
i enjoyed it and had some fun.
Suspenseful Australian slasher flick with very few scares.
Really bad slasher flicks.
But that is par for the course.
The director tells off the killer in front of the cast and crew.
He goes crazy and kills two people.
People who try and finish it are killed themselves.
The students ignore that.
No one is great but no one is terrible either.
No great shakes but not bad at all.
I give it a 7.
This is one of those little Christmas movies for everyone.
There really IS something for everyone.
You will have to see the movie if you want to know why.
00 from the total.
This movie is better than 4.
I can see this happening.
wealthy people have done crazier things than this.
And it was funny.
This movie fully suits that purpose.
You can survive Surviving Christmas.
I thought the television version was a bit edited way down.
This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well.
It was a fun and funny movie.
It was a wonderful movie that I will be adding to my Christmas selection.
I rate it right up there with Christmas vacation.
This movie turned out to be one laugh after another.
He then drives the family crazy with overindulgence for Christmas cheer.
Sure you can see where this movie is going but you do not care.
I got what I wanted.
I laughed so hard during this movie my face hurt.
Cary Grant and Myrna Lloyd are delightful in this film.
I can not imagine anyone not enjoying this movie completely.
a true feast for the eyes.
It was number 10 on The 100 Greatest TV Treats 2004.
This is probably the best documentary I have seen in a very long time.
Listening to his smart ass remarks and seeing his adorable gestures was heartwarming.
And seeing him smile was indescribable.
I feel blessed to have been able to be touched by this tiny giant.
i was greatly moved when i watched the movie.
i have seen people in tears because of a blemish.
this movie brings everything back to the basics .
it makes our everyday problems seen for what they are Small and really unimportant.
you are truly blessed.
and the saying stop and smell the roses truly has a new meaning.
This man is nothing short of amazing.
The most moving and truly eye opening documentary ever created.
I truly felt for him.
I believe that this should be compulsory viewing in schools.
He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause.
I highly recommend this.
You watch as John lives through the last couple months of his life.
You watch as he goes through his days with a positive attitude.
At one point you begin to see that he is truly an amazing individual.
You begin to understand that he has something to teach all of us.
He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world.
The wind blows your eyes far away.
But the film still ends on an optimistic note.
The problem was there literally were not enough houses to satisfy the demand.
Bradford in order to solve this very strange murder mystery.
Jean Arthur is quite glamorous in her role and very funny.
Jean Arthur SHINES when she looks at Powell.
There is an unmistakable undercurrent buzzing between them.
My friends thought the same.
They succeeded to some degree.
So by this time he was pretty well set in the role.
This is after he comes to Bill Powell for help.
Myrna Loy was a more steadying influence on Bill Powell than Jean Arthur was.
Arthur plays it as more of a dizzy dame than Loy did.
But it works here and she and Powell have good chemistry.
Good but not great.
In a way I feel it could have been that bit better.
The Five Deadly Venoms is easily the most memorable K.
This movie launched the careers of the five men who play the venoms.
He would go on to be in Super Ninjas.
I loved this film.
The comedy is well played by all involved.
Talent ran in that family.
I recall seeing this movie as a kid.
I do not recall where I saw it.
I must have been around 14 years old.
I thought the movie was incredible and wished to see it again.
I was really bummed.
The fights were very short and few and far between.
The fighting is all pretty routine.
I remember lots of them.
I remember the day clearly.
Me and my dad had just gotten lunch at Burger King.
Then under that was the Title of the film.
It said Five Deadly Venoms.
Then the movie began.
I loved this movie the minute it came on.
My favorite character was the Toad Venom.
it was the fighting.
The fights were so.
This movie is really good.
Fighting scenes are very good.
The only thing which may be irritating is actors look.
I really like this movie.
I can watch it on a regular basis and not tire of it.
I suppose that is one of my criteria for a great movie.
The story is very interesting.
We also get to see the venoms fight each other in every combination.
It is fun to see how their styles match up against each other.
See this one at all costs.
This film is breath of fresh air in comparison.
Around 7 out of 10.
Then again he might not have.
Lead players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy plays Mr.
Thus a simple plot becomes almost a suspense thriller.
But what really solidifies the movie are the venoms themselves.
Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks.
Its more about the intrigue of the story and the characters that are involved.
Very well made with a unique story.
Be careful with this one.
We learn along with him.
I can not say enough about the choreography or the camera work.
But this one does several things well.
Much more clever stuff than what we usually get out of this genre.
Still though this movie is one of Shaw Brothers best and is quite enjoyable.
8 out of 10 on the scale.
Such level of skill amongst the cast is unsurpassed in modern day cinema.
However the plot certainly is better than average.
I always enjoy this movie when it shows up on TV.
This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective.
We actually care when people are killed in this film.
Some of the sequences in this movie are truly gut wrenching.
When characters go in search of vengeance you really feel their anger and pain.
all this just adds to the greatness of the film.
The lighting and composition are spectacular at times.
He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people.
The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first.
The one downfall of this show is its supporting cast.
A VERY good chance from the usual comedy out there.
The Sarah Silverman program is .
better than those other shows.
The Sarah Silverman program.
Go watch and see.
Best show since Seinfeld.
One of the few shows I make point of watching.
It gets flat very fast.
Give it a shot.
It has that same flow and that same rhythm.
Melvin Douglas is especially brilliant.
The best kind of comedy around.
Nothing that appears on T.
show for there to be mistakes.
This show is stupid because Sarah wanted it to be stupid.
This show is juvenile because Sarah wanted it to be juvenile.
The cast is awesome.
I'm sure they are wonderful bright people that operate at a different wavelength.
Therefore I always fast before watching it and wear adult diapers.
I'm a happy guy.
This is like Grease meets South Park.
Sarah Silverman is someone I could watch reading the phone book.
Her delivery is precise and oh so funny.
She never skips a beat.
It seemed to be a genuine question.
Sarah can come at you from odd angles.
God being petty and jealous added wonderfully to the joke.
What I also love is that not everything is a punchline.
Instead the Sarah Silverman Program makes it more realistic in this sense.
This show probably will not appeal to everyone.
Everyone should at least give this show a chance.
This kind of stuff is the future of entertainment.
I watch this show and I laugh a very large percentage of the time.
I can not say that about many TV shows.
You owe it to yourself to watch this show.
I predict a long run for this series.
perhaps they lack the intelligence to comprehend it.
they should stop making fools of themselves by attacking something they do not understand.
is way off the mark.
If you are thinking of building see this movie first.
The dollar amounts may have changed but everything else is the same.
This film was done after that rescue.
One of the best love stories I have ever seen.
Then I got to looking at their body of work.
Grey Gardens sounded very interesting.
She seems to have a nervous disorder of some kind.
Worrying too much about things.
It is a 28 room mansion that is worn down and worn out.
The outfits Edie comes up with a very clever and creative.
Edie too was a beauty in her day and quite attractive at 56.
This movie is hard to come by.
This as well makes it clear that it is not exploitation.
And both Edith and Edie just love the idea of being filmed.
Exhibit all their artistic skills in front of their camera.
Little Edie and Big Edie are characters that anyone can feel compassion for.
Grey Gardens is a world unto itself.
I was awed at how beautiful and raw this documentary was.
It is a sincere look into the unedited reality of a life of solitude.
really no words can describe.
The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre.
Both of them remain beautiful despite their encroaching age.
I first saw this film in 1980 in the midday movie spot.
It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric.
The content is pretty much made up of two things.
The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties.
Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in.
Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever.
For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness.
Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.
bickered and performed while reminiscing of their past.
This is a film you will not soon forget.
I fell in love with this film and with the characters in it.
It has an air of sadness that permeates throughout.
A fall from greatness for this once esteemed family.
Excellent film showing the pathetic lives of two nutty old ladies.
I got to get to a hotel room.
he just gave us a washing machine.
raccoons and cats become a little bit boring for too long a time.
yes the pleasure is all mine.
bring me my little radio I have got to have some professional music.
It is she who will have the last laugh maybe.
Well worth your time.
This movie has more to recommend it than I can put down into words.
It is a rare experience that you must see for yourself.
And of course there are numerous cats running around.
As for the house itself.
It stars two spellbinding characters in what is unfortunately a mediocre documentary.
What a strange film.
have chosen to document.
Little Edie is even more interesting.
One of the better documentaries ever made and still a cult classic today.
The once beautiful gardens are now a jungle.
Clothing is seems to be optional.
There is a constant undercurrent of sexual tension.
Ice cream spread on crackers.
Edie feels like Edith thwarted any of her attempts at happiness.
Sometimes it is difficult to hear exactly what is being said.
Both women talk at the same time and constantly contradict each other.
This is a difficult film to watch but well worth the effort.
Renting Cypher was like a punt on a possibly very lame horse.
It must have been very quiet or I just missed it.
In any case the affects are secondary.
I will not give anything away about the plot.
Just give it a chance.
The character development is intentionally shallow.
Just a genius perfect combination for such a movie.
The viewer has to WATCH him and Think as this story unfolds.
Just go somewhere and secretly record and transmit inside data.
Take it from there.
Then it begins to accelerate.
I do not recommend that to anyone.
I'm not gonna say what cause that will spoil the hole movie.
I wish would it would never end.
Anyone could have played it.
Kaufman and Moss Hart.
The former was about moving into an 18th Century country house that.
The escalating costs of the project are one matter that bedevils Jim.
To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal.
This is pure psychology.
Cypher is such a film.
They send him to different parts of America to record different seminars.
Covering topics as mundane as shaving cream and cheese.
And I'm not saying anything more about the plot.
And Cypher follows similar patterns.
But it is not a carbon copy of Cube.
It has it is own inspiration.
One thing that distinguishes Cypher from Cube is how much more polished it is.
The acting is uniformly excellent throughout.
His performance is excellent because it is so modulated.
He literally seems to transform right before our very eyes.
David Hewlett puts in a welcome appearance who made such an impact in Cube.
But Morgan deserves his happy ending.
Cypher succeeds on all counts.
And it comes as a refreshing antidote to the overwhelming and inexplicable Matrix.
And now I'm a committed fan of the man.
Cypher is an absolute masterpiece.
I can not overemphasis how phenomenal this movie is.
Cypher is one of the best spy movies ever conceived and ever made.
There is nothing wrong with or cheap about Cypher whatsoever.
This is not a spoiler.
Cypher is counterespionage at it is absolute best.
Hands down and hats off.
Nothing is what it seems and truth is stranger than fiction.
The future is now.
My vote is eight.
The conferences are all covers to allow the company men to brainwash their spies.
The cast are great.
The rest of the cast are also good.
He paces the film superbly as well and has given it a great look.
The efforts of the director and the actors combined in an effective thriller.
Grant has always been a favorite of mine in this type of role.
He is so good at playing the put upon husband.
Loy is a always a joy to watch.
The Thin Man films she made with William Powell are near perfect.
And that is where the comedy comes in.
But to say Cypher is a clone would be to its discredit.
This is not helped by a strange woman who turns up.
I guess given the time of production it was a mix of all three.
Admittedly the dramatic plot was somewhat predictable.
We were able to witness what appeared to be realistic training regimens and equipment.
Where this movie came together for me was closer to the end.
Stallone is Gabe Walker.
Cat and Mouse on the mountains with ruthless terrorists.
Stallone needed this role to get back on track.
The is placed in beautiful place and it is very exciting movie.
Another weak point was the unrealistic shooting scenes.
This movie had a lot of all time great potential.
Sill a good movie though.
I know I did.
The only caveat is that social attitudes have changed a lot since 1948.
Eight months has passed.
This was one of the biggest hits of 1993.
Stallone certainly made an short comeback of this sharp thriller.
Do not miss this great action film.
Based on a premise by John Long.
This movie is just great.
In my opinion this movie is highly underrated by the critics.
For the sake of the film though I willing to suspend my disbelief.
The deaths are inventive while others are sort of predictable.
This is the rhythm of the film in a nutshell.
You would better be.
The old guy who flies the chopper.
I have no idea what drugs he was on when he did it.
Since I first saw this in the theater it has been my favorite.
There has not been a movie I can compare this too.
This is an action movie at it is BEST.
I do not think I will see another that is so entertaining.
And it is particularly good in this movie.
The special effect are great and spectacular.
Stallone really needed that movie get back with success.
This movie was filmed in a magnificent natural environment.
I give it a 6.
My vote is eight.
As a Stallone fan this is one I look back on with fond memories.
Plenty of superb action and Sly in prime action man form.
have lost a whole lot of money they stole from the U.
government somewhere in the Rocky Mountains and they really would like it back.
A showcase of great scenes and stunts.
Quite possibly one of the coolest lead villains ever.
So that is two points for him before the film even starts.
the desire and need to bring fantasies to reality.
The diary contains magic formulas that supposedly enable prisoners to escape.
9 out of 10.
This is a movie that works best if you are immersed into it.
I was hooked from beginning to end.
The horror you create in your own mind.
but not in the way they imagined.
Now this is what I would call a good horror.
This is a timeless movie for all ages that is sure to please.
Achieving true comedic dialog is an art.
Watched this French horror film last night and pretty much liked it.
I'm glad I had a chance to watch this film.
The gore is a product of what the book unleashes.
My vote is seven.
The kills are raw and eerie.
I just wish the story had led to a more consistent finale.
We are inside a ramshackle French prison cell with four occupants.
It is an unholy alloy of triumphs and failures.
The characters are intriguing.
It has a real life ring to it.
That really is the problem with an obsession with understanding and knowledge.
Lensed well in 1.
The characters are superbly developed and the cast makes the most of them.
I think that was the Golden Age of English series.
They all shared equal screen time and all had their moments to shine.
the bluest eyes you would probably see on TV.
I have also followed Bill Gaunts career with interest since.
We absolutely adored it.
Hopefully it will find a new generation of fans.
Who I thought was beautiful and intelligent.
I was 10 years old when this show was on TV.
By far it was my favorite.
The actors were very credible.
There was a good story in each episode.
I highly recommend this TV show to anybody that like good stuff.
the thought that maybe they will not get together.
the dancing on the side of the road scene was magnificent.
except for maybe the fact that she is psycho.
Manhattan apartment dwellers have to put up with all kinds of inconveniences.
This is only the beginning of his problems.
The film is fun because of the three principals in it.
The direction of H.
This movie is wonderful.
Very witty and clever script.
The scenes are alive with fresh energy and really talented production.
It was nice to see Ally again.
She is one of my all time favorite movie actors.
I laughed and cried as the story unfolded.
Great story and cast.
Alice Drummond is Wise And Wonderful as Stella.
The roadside dance scene is brilliant.
Really liked this one.
This movie only confirms what was clear from that movie.
This comedy with much underlying pain and sadness succeeds where most others fail.
So was the case with most of the reviewers.
THOSE WHO THINK AND WRITE.
THOSE WRITE AND MAKE THE READERS THINK.
We share an addiction.
We are approval junkies.
I was very surprised to see the overall rating as 5.
This film is special.
I'm giving ten out of ten it is one of the best movies ever.
it is all very simple.
I have never known of a film to arouse such debate in my life.
I absolutely loved this film and i can not wait to see it again.
I saw the gala the other night and this movie definitely split the audience.
However there were many good things too.
well you have to see it.
I watched to movie today and it just blew my mind away.
Another thing I really liked about this film is how damn beautiful it is.
If you see it you will know what I mean.
watch it with an open mind and you may enjoy it.
And that is my 2 cents.
They do not expect him to explore new frontiers.
So this movie toys with your head.
This movie is different than Snatch.
but that is the shoddiest reason to disregard a piece of art.
Funny people can be thoughtful too.
I am still searching for some copy of the gorgeous soundtrack.
The excellent soundtrack compliments the film well.
I have been looking for this movie for so many years.
I saw this move when I was nine and loved this movie.
I called Disney all the movie stores and the net.
What a waste it was a very good movie.
The beginning was great and I remember becoming very attached to the little foxes.
This movie made me cry for hours.
It was a good movie.
She unknowingly walks into a foot trap.
He alone has to teach them the skills they need for life.
I felt emotionally gutted after seeing all this evil going on.
I was moved to tears.
Or they fall victims to tragedy themselves.
Best all around soundtrack and musical score I have ever heard.
And then there is the aftermath of what happened.
Guess you can make up your own mind about the true ending.
I'm left feeling that only one character should have survived at the end.
This film made John Glover a star.
And I mean that sport.
Maybe it is me.
A very strong and satisfying little number that is well worth checking out.
Three blackmailers leech onto him.
It also felt like a movie that took some cuts.
The actors involved give some of their finest performances.
Anyone who likes action combined with a gritty complicated story will enjoy this.
This slick and gritty film consistently delivers.
To call this film sleazy would be a huge understatement.
I do not know why I love this movie so much.
Just thinking about his voice is enough to make me chuckle.
Plenty of cameos by real life porno stars.
9 of 10 stars.
he died by getting shot in the eye.
This was the best and well orchestrated scene ever in the Sopranos.
But his legacy will live on forever.
Chase has created a true phenomenon with The Sopranos.
There is real skill here.
I simply love the beauty of the picture.
This is my favorite show.
I think it is utterly brilliant.
Thanks to David Chase for bringing this into my life.
the cast was excellent.
Long live the Sopranos and Tony Soprano.
Let me tell u something.
I started watching many T.
Then we have The Sopranos.
The raw emotion he displays is superb.
The story is nothing short of excellent.
Each episode is directed superbly and the Score of this show is just fantastic.
V show current or future will ever upstage the marvel that is The Sopranos.
But everyone is excellent.
And that is just the tip of the iceberg.
on a show and you are already winning points on in my book.
Every character represents a facet of American industry.
I'm sure that people from France would not appreciate the caricatures of the French.
My sides and my jaws were hurting at the end of the movie.
Not everything is perfect however.
It shows that literally anyone can suffer from mental health problems.
A sort of chameleon quality to transcend roles.
She is wise if not wiser and more street savvy then Tony himself.
This in my opinion is the worst thing about the HBO series.
Too much space in between seasons and very sporadic.
This episode deals with my most favorite character of all time in The Sopranos.
He was killed for hijacking the wrong truck and accidentally killing a truck driver.
He was killed on a boat by Tony.
All the awesome characters are dead.
All the cool guys always get killed.
Each season is completely brilliant in its own way.
And it is not just him.
The first two seasons were extraordinary.
Trust me in that it will be well worth the time.
Each character unfolds more and more each series.
Every little detail builds the perfect TV series.
It is the single most genius text in cinematic history.
It can only be taken in portions.
its sort of exploitive.
by now I'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum.
My comment ended a while ago.
Hopefully it works when I submit it now.
The best TV ever.
A tip of the pork pie to Mr.
These guys were definitely the best of their generations and even more.
We have been totally spoiled now.
The argument of both are splendid and the actors are perfect.
Congratulations for such a work.
Sorry about my English.
It has so much more.
Many of the issues we see on the show are very real.
Watching this show you will find yourself realizing that these characters are NOT real.
This show is also very versatile.
Overall this is a masterpiece of a show.
This is what television should be.
The Sopranos is arguably the greatest show in Dramatic Television history.
The series never becomes cold hearted or gratuitous.
I want to make some comments about the movie itself.
First I would like to say how great this.
It is astounding and sometimes shocking.
It is like a trip through humanity.
Its stark realism shows through this monumental masterpiece.
From MIDNIGHT COWBOY we get a stark and sometimes disturbing urban view on life.
You do not have to steal it.
Nor is the script anywhere close to a Woody Allen or Mel Brooks.
The script is heavily but not obnoxiously aware that this is just a movie.
I think it was a brilliant decision by Hoffman to take this role.
Otherwise he may have been typecast after the Graduate.
Joe is shook up by a haunting childhood.
He has a strong fear and hatred of religion due to his traumatic baptism.
They go out and work together in helping each other out.
The two grow remarkably close and soon can not live without each other.
This is one of the greatest films ever made.
The difference is that this film is from their perspective.
and am not the least bit ashamed.
They smell no less sweet because they are of a different hue.
He gave them superbly.
Wayne got his Oscar.
if you can get in.
and are admired for it.
I get heartbroken for both.
Its both artistically valid yet entirely accessible and commercial.
No wonder it was a huge success when initially released.
The direction by John Schlesinger makes the material work.
It combines a simplistic style with some experimental editing.
Its still as powerful now as it was when initially released.
The acting however is what makes this a masterpiece.
The two eventually forge a bond that is both touching and pathetic.
He is so into character that all else around him pales in comparison.
Midnight Cowboy is not for everybody.
He does not apologize for his chosen profession but it is not that easy.
The film became famous and infamous almost overnight.
Very compelling and sensationally creative film that I highly recommend.
Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released.
Thankfully this time I was at home.
This is one hell of a great movie.
His subconscious mirrors the way in which his real life is panning out.
They begin sharing everything in life.
It does not work out as he planned.
They live in an empty and very filthy apartment.
The editing in this movie is great.
Especially Hoffman delivers some fine famous lines.
The score is done by John Barry and sounds great.
At the time I recall being quite startled and amused by this movie.
Bernhard has an unusually perceptive behavioral notebook.
Nina Simone comes to mind.
The movie is quite long at two hours but never really seems very long.
I was pleasantly surprised.
What makes the film interesting is the two characters are so different.
I personally think the film beautifully and poignantly explores its main themes.
The religious connotations in the film are also puzzling.
Midnight cowboy should be required viewing at all film schools.
I recommend this film to everyone.
I'm giving it a 10.
But this one I can live with.
There are usually some pretty funny comics selected through.
when other comics clearly should have beaten them out.
This is where imagination wins out over fact.
Cordell is a recent widow and it is unclear how his wife died.
Her face is bloodied and her eyes are closed.
There are a few scenes that hint of incestuous possibilities.
He never really looks like he can be trusted in this film.
The Incubus is a well done film.
And bitter pills are always more difficult to swallow than sweet ones.
It also carries a kind of Gothic vibe as well.
Nice filming locations and some stylish camera work also highlight.
This is a wonderful film.
Perhaps a revival is just down the pipeline.
This is truly the greatest Swedish movie of all time.
It all creates a very vivid picture of a life that is long gone.
Exploding cigars provide a running gag.
A minor but admirable little film.
The very first shot might be startling.
It certainly adds to the gritty flavor of the atmosphere.
And he has a soft spot for ornery orphan Cooper.
this is not Steven kings best work.
i thought that his best work was the shining.
as if that person can do a better job in making a horror flick.
i mean making the gage evil and how he kills Jud is genius.
making the most innocent most unsuspecting character into one of the killers is cool.
i still recommend people to watch the movie.
The movie does skip far ahead and does miss some important parts.
First of all the plot is truly original and one of a kind.
The acting is also great and i love the cast.
Probably the most accurate Stephen King adaption yet.
The story follows the Creed family moving into a beautiful Maine house.
Maybe he was buried alive.
Nothing more I can say without ruining the story.
The characters are real and the situations are normal.
Mary Lambert does a great job directing the proceedings.
The scene where Gage is killed will stick in your mind forever.
Non Horror fans will want to avoid this.
This really captures the heart of the book.
Fred Gwynne is WONDERFUL.
THE ATMOSPHERE OF THIS FILM IS CERTAINLY A NOVELTY AND ONE OF A KIND.
this one is way beyond compare in intelligence compared to that stuff.
The acting is actually first rate for a film like this.
And the results are horrifying.
Highly recommended for genre fans.
5 out of 10.
A classic now and truly a must see for any Horror fan.
You will not regret.
But that is just my opinion.
Baby Gage was amazing even on his creepy parts.
Something is for sure.
Bernhard is a little of these influential entertainers and more.
Since Louis is a veterinarian and has a young toddler for a son.
And that third act.
One of the better Stephen King adaptations I would say.
And that is where the real horror story begins.
I personally find this movie very good.
and what is better than the dead coming to life.
and something about animals returning from the grave is quite creepy too.
and most important to me .
it stuck true with the novel.
They are greeted with kindness by Jud Crandall.
That is the start of hell for the Creed family.
The music in this movie plays an extravagant part.
It is at the same time sad and mysterious.
It goes along with the movie wonderfully.
But there is a pet cemetery behind their house.
That burial ground is pure evil.
There is one character in this film that is truly freaky.
This is truly one of most favorite horror films of all time.
10 out of 10.
I kind of liked The Lonely Lady.
Give Pia a break.
She looks great and she has really nice eyes.
But its a trashy movie.
A lot of movies that are trashy are not all bad.
Pia gets naked a lot and seems miscast as a writer.
A couple of the scenes are funny.
I want to see someone do that speech in a drama class.
You could find worse on any movie of the week back in the eighties.
This is an excellent film that will not disappoint you.
Hitchcock displays his already developed understanding for visuals in this early silent film.
Nearly every shot is filled with visual symbols.
The film also gives insight into his later treatment of women.
upscale supper clubs like the Parisian Room.
The scene in the club throughout the movie is dryer than a bone.
It may not be meant to be funny across the board.
Perhaps it is a bit unsettling or even maudlin for some.
A beautiful painting about love and death.
This is one of my favorite movies of all time.
This is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest.
Surprisingly good early effort from Alfred Hitchcock.
The Ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known The Lodger.
One sequence remains in my memory to this day.
and for a few seconds there it is.
has gone and it is time for the spacecraft to return to Earth.
This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it is easy to see why.
Good use of live footage and animation in tandem.
I remember these shows when they were first broadcast on Disneyland.
That was fifty years ago.
Turn around and you are a young wife with babes of your own.
you are wondering how much has really changed in 50 years.
A recommended film which was the first for Jim Henson Productions.
She was the wife of a wealthy doctor and had lots of extracurricular money.
Trudy also raised two chimps in her home to be more like children.
They dressed in clothes and had many amenities.
Rene Russo plays her role wonderfully feminine.
And that is what happens.
A speed boat is no match to our busy beaver on the river.
We also know when he is going to be wounded.
It is the forbidden or the restricted that is attractive.
My heart goes out to them.
The story is extremely unique.
The ending COULD have been fantastic.
The animation is decent for 89 but can not compare to nowadays.
I have also heard many complain about the cheesiness of the nudity.
I actually found it to be somewhat decent.
Overall it deserves a look but the ending keeps it from being a classic.
There are no loops and sequences in which the art decreases in quality.
The last episode was entirely done in black and white.
The music is very typical space opera fair.
Neither aspect is ever left completely out though.
But it is done exceptionally well for a change.
It will grow on you.
There are a few surprises.
And the music is OUT OF THIS WORLD.
playing bar room characters in both.
He shows finely nuanced performances .
the good and the bad in his characters.
making love to an actress you kinda grew up with.
What a surprisingly good movie this one turned out to be.
This is the type of film that I have been looking for ages.
Star Trek Hidden Frontier will surprise you in many ways.
We can get by that.
Better than almost anything you have seen.
It takes a lot of effort to put on a production of this magnitude.
I highly recommend taking the time to down load and watch.
This is short and to the point.
I will not rehash what has already been said about the sets and graphics.
Congratulations to the cast and crew for an effort that many admire.
BUT BUT the idea of two guys kissing makes me wind forward the episode.
For a fan series this is good stuff.
The local sheriff is behind the crime and the nightmare begins.
Especially the second murder is pretty grim.
7 out of 10.
The ships are rendered well and the space battles are impressive and exciting.
Musically it is a mixed bag.
The episodes are character driven and the characters develop over many episodes.
Hidden Frontier takes taboos that even the official series has shrunk from using.
All in all I enjoyed watching it.
God Bless you all.
This film predates these shows though the effect seems the same.
You potential stars of tomorrow.
There was not quite enough action for me I must say.
The film portrayed the life of a traitor.
He has no real love or loyalty in him.
Heavy psychological stuff and not many light moments in the 6 hour series.
Very well done though.
It had a gritty authenticity and rang true in every way.
The rest of the supporting is excellent as well.
The production values of the miniseries are strong as well.
Yet the highlight of the miniseries is really the script.
This is my second time through for A Perfect Spy.
I watched it 2 or 3 years ago and liked it.
I like it still.
Throughout the story he betrays and is betrayed.
Another theme is that of malignancy.
I really enjoyed it in the end.
Peter Egan is fascinating to watch because his face changes with every camera angle.
But this is a minor and unimportant seam in the whole.
Jane Booker is annoying as Mary Pym.
The British view of Americans is vividly rendered in some dryly hilarious scenes.
The humor and sadness are subtly blended.
It is an accurate reflection of the period in which it is set.
Betrayal is the key by everybody for the good of nobody.
Pym upbringing is so close to my own that I find it chilling watching.
Because there is a good story around the naked rituals and sex scenes.
She exuded massive quantities of sexuality throughout the film.
One wishes they made more movies like this one.
Strongly recommended for fans of international cinema.
And there are some very interesting candles and uses for them.
This masterpiece of lesbian horror comes from exploitation master Joseph W.
but they may not be as helpless as they seem.
this was one of the funniest and informative shows that I have ever seen.
This is a MUST see for anyone over the age of 16.
this show had me and my 2 boys laughing out loud from the beginning.
I agree with the idea of making this a HBO series.
It would have an amazing following.
But after seeing it I realized what a funny man he is.
but some other parts of the world.
I enjoyed how Mr.
But it quickly sucked me in.
I would love to see this picked up as a series for HBO.
He covers fallacies of history and truths that are no longer generally known.
I would like to see much more of this show.
It is very entertaining.
It is well worth your time.
only we soon discover both men have hidden intentions.
My interest was raised as I was flipping through and saw the name Iphigenia.
I am so glad I stayed on the channel.
She is visually stunning.
This is a great film.
There is the uncomfortable racism which is depicted.
But it is everything you could want in a movie.
Now I have seen it.
The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great.
She insists Tarzan to carry a bracelet who belonged to her father.
Well it is supposed to proof Tarzan is dead.
The caravan is leaving and Jane go along.
She could be smart.
If she get home to England without have done this she would become miserable.
Jane is smart but cheap drama brings her down.
Just lean back and enjoy.
John Dillinger escapes from prison and robs a bank in Iowa.
I got a huge kick out of this movie.
The chemistry between Johnny and Maureen is irresistible.
See it for yourself if you do not believe me.
I love Maureen O'Sullivan most of all in this film.
She totally has the ape man at her every beck and call.
Eventually Tarzan and Jane show up and everyone is off on even more adventures.
Its an amazing film by almost any standard.
Its an amazing thing.
I really like this film a great deal.
However on almost every other level this film is top notch.
You really owe it to yourself to see this.
This is one of the great adventures.
There is NO mistake about that at all.
I thought the script was really well thought out and written tightly.
One final word about nudity.
that is the way colored people were thought of and portrayed back then.
Safaris actually did use natives carrying luggage on their heads.
I'm not making this up.
She and Tarzan are shown waking up one morning in their treetop shelter.
Savage Tarzan is innocently sexy.
Another reason why the hung up regarded this film as sinful.
They want Tarzan to guide them to said graveyard.
It is Jane who maintains her cool.
So there you have it.
An utterly subversive film.
Tarzan and Jane are living happily in the jungle.
Some men come looking for ivory and to take Jane back to civilization.
But Jane loves Tarzan and refuses to leave.
even if that means killing Tarzan.
This one has MUCH better effects and is a lot more adult.
Everybody else is OK.
The first of the Tarzan movies staring Johnny Weissmuller.
The plot has already been summarized so i wont go into it again.
you are missing a Real treat.
no one will ever play Tarzan as well as Johnny Weissmuller did.
He was and is Tarzan.
He climbs a hill to tell Iphigenia that he will protect her.
It is a sharp and sad epiphany that lasts only for an instant.
Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry round out a small cast very professionally.
The crisp display of later Tarzan films is lacking here.
Later she admits to Tarzan that she was wrong.
This to me is very much at the core of the Tarzan experience.
I would recommend this movie strongly to anyone.
The movie can never decide whether we should like him or hate him.
Tarzan kills lions and rhinos and a steadily increasing number of animals.
They still do not need to talk a lot.
They sleep together and hang out with cool animals and stay away from cities.
No wonder they are happy.
The skin show in this film is off the charts.
As noted by other reviewers this is one of the best Tarzan movies.
The only things missing are color and stereo sound.
Her outfit showed what a great figure Maureen O'Sullivan possessed.
There is plenty of action in here.
Maureen O'Sullivan is charming and beautiful as Jane and walks off with the movie.
But a savage tribe and hideous torture await the group.
com if you know where I can buy a copy.
We watched it last night for the first time.
I was also impressed at how true it was to the play.
The catalog is around here someplace.
This movie gets it right.
The tedium of the application process.
The waiting for word.
The joy of acceptance.
The worry about making it through the course.
The glory of graduation.
Many are called but few are chosen.
We did for pay what we would have eagerly paid to do.
I had a personal interest in this movie.
for one or two weeks.
The three central characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people.
This is the longest version of the story and goes deeply into characterization.
Its also a lot more sexual than the Lana Turner version.
We have a very obvious adulterous relationship and Giovanna is very obviously a nymphomaniac.
This is a far greater study of the working class than of crime.
The audience really gets the feeling of poverty and grime.
I think the casting was brilliant for this film.
My only beef is with the overlong running time.
The harshness of the landscape is particularly fitting to the souls of the characters.
Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classic Greek plays.
It teaches us much about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures.
Another conflict raised in the film is that between the Church and the State.
It relies more upon depicting reality in a very grim and sober light.
To say the least it was probably a bit alarming.
I think this is a very satisfying ending for several reasons.
The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.
it occurs that it is not.
They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical shots.
His desires show him totally different direction.
They are both very convincing.
But in contrast to Giovanna he questions the committed crime on a moral level.
But then the last sequences make this carefully built construct of ideas collapse.
they keep coming up with films Ive never heard of .
the Italian version of The Postman Always Rings Twice.
This Italian version is different .
more realistic and with a very different ending.
see it watch it.
street scenes and lifestyle glimpses alone are worth watching.
This masterpiece ends in a tragic way.
My vote is ten.
Giovanna is one of the best creations in Ms.
The last sequence of the film shows Ms.
Finally Gino has steady employment.
The acting and direction were both uniformly good throughout.
The two novellas seem like they must be very similar.
Gino is very unenthusiastic about this idea.
Their relationship quickly crumbles.
This is a really fun movie.
But this is where the resemblance stops.
Seriously pushed forward the theme of the last episode even more.
I have to agree with everyone else that has posted.
He does have a cool character.
The guy who finds it necessary to howl.
The hour long chase at the end involving the teacher and the priest.
This movie is great.
Great characters and great lines.
Sally Field is so over the top.
this is what I love about good comedies.
I would love to know how the idea for this movie came up.
He passes by without a word.
And then only too little and too late.
The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman.
He pieces more and more of her life together.
He has to make things right.
I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.
I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.
I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.
I highly recommend catching this film.
This is NOT a horror flick.
I really felt for Jake.
Here the film is very successful in getting its theme across.
It was on right after Bay City Rollers.
This show is decidedly low tech.
But kids love this stuff.
This is drama and comedy spread on with a trowel.
This is why I still have nightmares.
A boy leaves on a magical journey to an island.
Not suitable for children.
I grew up with H.
This movie is not limited to children either.
The music in this movie suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass beautifully.
growing up still love it today i am 46 years old.
I absolutely LOVED this movie when I was a kid.
I cried every time I watched it.
I totally identified with the characters.
I loved Jack Wilde.
I can still remember the characters vividly.
The film and its actors won several awards.
I highly recommend it.
Otherwise it would be a perfect 10.
I would recommend not drinking anything that would sting coming out your nose.
This movie was excellent.
This is a graphic movie.
So it is Donald Sutherland who walks away with the picture.
Those who speak Hungarian will recognize the many Hungarian accents and credits.
So do some soldiers.
Nor do killers learn regret if they are dead.
I was surprised at how fascinating this movie was.
This is an excellent movie.
Very satisfying and not exploitative about the crimes at all.
He is driven to find and stop the killer.
The locations and sets are perfect recreations of latter day Soviet life.
This is truly a movie that covers several themes simultaneously.
This a film not to be missed.
The photography was good too.
His anguish at not being able to stop the deaths is palpable.
I believe this is the most powerful film HBO Pictures has made to date.
A masterpiece of the genre.
The devotion to duty of the main character was masterfully portrayed by Rea.
You can feel the suffering of the dedicated people who labored in that system.
He murdered 56 people over 8 years in the former Soviet Union.
Rea makes us feel for this man.
All around a very well done movie with fine performances and a great screenplay.
9 out of 10 stars.
HBO has furnished us with an excellent film in an unusual manner.
Congrats to the director and editor of this great piece.
It is in my Top 10 Must see list.
The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical .
But hardly anyone has done it so well.
This is a quality film.
The subject matter is at once grim and gripping.
This is a truly remarkable piece of cinematic achievement.
An HBO product for t.
and it takes place in Russia.
There are only two short action scenes but they are horrific.
There are some excellent comments and observations on this film.
He is the objective.
This is one damn fine film.
This movie tells an amazing story with history and compassion.
Interpol relations and how the agencies work together are also great.
Not overly done either.
How the police work with the political party being what it was.
It is truly fascinating and frustrating.
The settings are beautiful.
HBO has hit the jackpot here.
This film is compelling from the first moment until the last.
They had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court.
This was too good to be made for TV.
I can go either way on material like that.
But the atmosphere of the film is decent.
Merino exploits this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nudity.
I used to pretend to be a bad TV soap actor with my girlfriend.
They do not do that at all in Soap Dish.
Oscar Levant and Leslie Caron I can take or leave.
well it is not really there.
The acting is also not so smooth by Caron.
Few films have so elegantly and succinctly shown two people falling in love.
The film was inspired by the 1928 orchestral composition by George Gershwin.
Gene Kelly directed the brief fantasy dance sequences shown as Lise is introduced.
He used space and time imaginatively.
The ballet in An American in Paris may be his best work.
So Freed went to studio head Louis B.
Well the financial guys finally gave in and signed the checks.
As feel good musicals go it is definitely in the top 10.
An American in Paris is a showcase of Gene Kelly.
The song and dance routines are all perfection.
It won two Academy Awards for Best Picture of 1951 and Best Screenplay.
The story of an American painter in Paris who tries to make it big.
I enjoyed this film.
You can see that MGM was showing off Technicolor.
There are hardly any colors that do not appear in this film.
Every scene is packed full.
The choreography was great.
Gene Kelly is a wonder.
He is so talented.
He understands that the dances can tell the story as much as anything else.
Few American composers have had a better gift for melody.
Ira Gershwin is definitely one of the greatest lyric writers.
He is so witty and charming.
This was a highly entertaining film.
It left me with an emotional hangover that lasted for several days.
You want the audience to be fully aware of his deficiencies.
But it serves the same function in the plot.
Same with the art show.
I guess it is in the eye of the beholder.
The two films are actually closely linked.
movie after the Ballet ended.
The film literally left me in the lurch.
Gene Kelly came up with some really grand ideas for musicals while with MGM.
Gershwin got the kind of deal for Gershwin music that Irving Berlin normally got.
Two women are interested in him.
At one point Kelly dances on top of the baby grand piano.
So it happened that way.
But this one topped them all.
I guess fantasy trumped realism that year.
Big budgets also have an upper hand in these things as well.
Their romantic love affair sparkles as brightly as the City of Lights itself.
He even applauds to himself as members of the audience.
Kelly seems to defy the boundaries of his physical self.
The film gave us a wealth of memories to take home.
This film is possibly disturbing in many aspects.
Parsifal journeys into the 19th and 20th century throughout the film.
The tempting Flower Maidens are in the nude.
Warner and Nat Pendleton.
Exciting cinematic suspense in both these scenes.
I have been a fan of this movie for years and years.
to name a few.
all give splendid performances.
Must have been a set that was used in many a subsequent film.
Nicely done and passes the time in an entertaining manner.
Van Dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with Hollywood.
Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.
MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the fashionable detective.
Mayer decided to concentrate him there.
I will say this though.
A warm family film to enjoy.
It proves that the dreams of an adolescent can truly come true.
A great storyline with a message.
The editing is first rate.
This is a great movie to see with your girlfriend.
We had to get it.
An excellent family movie.
gives a lot to think on.
Everything is just perfect.
The acting is alright.
I first saw this film during and International Film Studies course.
You will still be laughing at it when the disc wears out.
It will reward the attentive and sensitive viewer.
It is a beautifully filmed human story.
The final few scenes are powerful but depressing.
None of the scenes felt gratuitous or out of the place.
Anyone growing up in the South would experience the same things.
Even a glance is forbidden.
There are no words needed.
Their facial expressions say everything.
She really can not see this dance.
They can not even get undressed for bed by themselves.
Their racist attitudes will be erased with their presence.
I think I would like to visit this Africa.
Because there is no real story here.
But I was truly enraptured by its quiet pacing and by the glorious ending.
He says that when he came he wanted to call everyone brother.
This is an amazing film to watch or show young people.
The Whites are all the bosses and they expect Black servitude without question.
till HBO began rerunning it this month.
Cathy Moriarty steals the show in my opinion.
all turn in superb performances as expected.
So 10 it is.
Most students had trouble understanding the end of the film.
The household is divided into public and private spaces.
Personally I liked Greensleeves and the other harsher characters.
They had some of the more amusing lines.
One of the most unheralded great works of animation.
Sorry to disappoint everyone.
I do not watch soaps.
My grandmother still watches that one with the hour glass.
But this movie takes parody and spells it a new way.
I found the story pretty damn funny.
I went and saw Rivers and Tides again today.
To Blake Art was a War.
He would rather have only the images and the wonderful soundtrack.
So I was aware of that as I watched this second time.
Be a Trend setter.
This film is mesmerizing in its beauty and creativity.
This movie is probably for you.
it combines nature and art in a minimal way as it is in itself.
this is overall a great piece of work in every aspect.
it has no boundaries as far as age goes.
This film is stunningly beautiful.
I strongly recommend this movie to everyone.
I can think of nothing else to say about it.
The music set to the film is embracing and intoxicating.
I for one am glad to know that Andy is somewhere out there.
He makes art from objects he finds in nature.
The work seems to be more of a process than a goal.
But do go if you have the opportunity.
There are also several books available with photographs of his sculptures.
It is an experience purely of time and form.
Greetings again from the darkness.
Insight into the mind and motivation of a wonderful artist.
How strange for most of us to see someone who MUST work.
I beg to differ.
The process of creation and destruction.
Of emergence and disappearing.
This is a romantic comedy with the emphasis on comedy for a change.
As a romantic counterpoint or foil to the leads are Robert Downey Jr.
But see this for Sally Field who is outstanding.
I can understand not wanting to hear him talk through the movie.
But The Shootings Did Leave And Effect.
The structure and execution of the film was fantastic.
Cal and Andre were phenomenal as the two disturbed classmates.
Very powerful and intense.
the end shooting sequence leaves you speechless because it is almost too realistic.
I really hope it gets the attention it deserves.
If you have got the chance you really should see it.
normal kids with normal families.
I was lucky enough to see Zero Day last night.
A very disturbing one at that.
Just your average kids.
They plan to shoot up there High School.
The movie is very chilling.
You really need to see it yourself.
This is the best movie I have come across in a long while.
He filmed it using teenage actors who were still attending high school.
It is almost artful.
and the tension in the final minutes of the movie is excruciating.
There is only one aspect of ZERO DAY that troubled me.
Yet these boys do not really seem angry.
They showed their life for about a year.
And THAT gives me the chills.
Of course I was.
I got to like them.
But I knew they were.
And that is why I can not go to sleep right now.
This movie is about a fictional soap opera.
It is very fast and funny.
To say anything else would ruin the movie.
There are several plots and sub plots in the movie.
They all gives over the top performances.
This movie is favorite of mine from the year 1991.
They showed their life for about a year.
And THAT gives me the chills.
Of course I was.
I got to like them.
But I knew they were.
And that is why I can not go to sleep right now.
I can honestly say it was very interesting indeed.
The problem is that little in terms of emotion is directly delivered.
The movie is amazing.
It feels like you are watching something that actually happened.
This movie is one for the ages.
Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.
Respect and love your fellow man.
It seems hard to really pinpoint.
They turn fantasy into tragedy.
Yet he is in his own way dominant.
Cal placates Andre and encourages him.
Whilst Cal has found someone offering him a way out.
The movie certainly picks up pace and improves as it nears its grim conclusion.
There is an excellent moment when Cal attends the high school prom.
We feel like shunning the masses as they have.
The penultimate scene is superb.
It is all too real and truly creates a sense of impending doom.
It is a character study well worth experiencing.
zero day is based of columbine high school massacre.
and its a video diary of two boys.
they is a lot to say about this movie.
the two boys act like they are in a weird cult.
they burn all there stuff.
so thats my review on zero day.
and lets just say the end shooting scene is messed up.
It really put things in perspective as I watched it.
This film would not have worked in any other format.
It also reminds us of the media storm that followed after.
This movie is a fictional version of our dreams coming true.
We get to see the kid behind the monster.
Misunderstood by some and picked on by others.
But together they stand and all will pay.
The first movie in years that left me absolutely staggered.
But then not all killers are raving lunatics foaming at the mouth.
They are just wired differently.
And that is perhaps the most chilling thought of all.
The characters are real human beings with logic and reasons behind their actions.
You get to understand them.
Overall though a really good movie on a very tough topic.
Their parents just think the guys are filming for a family home video.
I just came back from the Montreal premiere of Zero Day.
I understand how can young kids can be driven to do such horror.
High schools have became battle fields of conformity.
You need to fight your way into being like the others.
Cal expressed it well.
Drama is everywhere and it can take every shape.
and a scary one that might get to other kids.
Flawed but honest with a terrible honesty.
Especially the last scenes were almost painful to watch.
Hope it gets the distribution it deserves.
I rented Zero Day from the local video store last week.
I had never heard of the film and I had my reservations about it.
Zero Day is a phenomenal film.
It leaves you thinking about the lives involved.
And it leaves you perplexed how people get to this point.
The material in the film is disturbing.
This is not mainstream Hollywood and there is no happy ending.
this film is builds up solidly and it keeps you going.
The music is very different but very good.
Virginia begins to question just what is growing inside of her.
Brooke Adams stars as Virginia.
There they meet Dr.
It is fantastic on more levels than I can remember.
Love this film also.
It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to.
I can totally understand why nobody else ever tried to do something like this.
There already is something like this.
Detractors of this series tend to argue that it is formulaic and hopelessly dated.
and then kills it.
This is a classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.
It fits the soap opera with it is flamboyant and melodramatic air.
D set coming out.
so many of them seem new all over again.
They just do not make stuff like this these days.
Great stories and a great cast and nothing else to weigh it down.
It works on both levels.
It truly gets better with age.
Never should have been on Fridays in the first place.
ABC had huge problems with Friday nights.
Watch it and weep.
10 out of 10.
You were scared for him and for the other characters too.
I could not even purchase the Jeff Rice novels.
Then something wonderful happened.
My twelve year old self would have adored it.
I am glad that the show was never revived though.
Without Oakland it would not have been the same.
I have the Rice books now and have read them several times.
What you do not see is sometimes more frightening than what you do.
you had to be there at the time but it was an interesting idea.
It is interesting and unusual to observe the diversity of opinion here.
This was made for them.
Perhaps some reviewers are taking it too seriously.
You can do a lot with a little cash.
Blair Witch proved that.
This film supports it.
It is no more than a sitcom in length and complexity.
I have recommended this film to all of my friends.
Sure wish he would make more films.
There also several visual gags that are quite ahead of their time.
The quintessential road movie.
The acting and direction were terrific.
In fact everything in the film seemed to flow except for the script.
This is one of the funniest movies I have seen.
This is a smaller film and I am willing to forgive minor things.
I enjoyed the acting of all of the major players.
This movie is awesome for three main reasons.
It is esthetically beautiful.
I absolutely loved that.
Sometimes they fall into clichs but this one does not.
There is a mix of humor and emotion throughout the film.
I like the end a lot.
And of course it is all about the Magician theme .
I rented this movie from blockbuster on a whim .
i guess i got lucky .
i laughed from beginning to end .
Miriam Hopkins and Claude Rains give wonderful performances.
Hopkins was a beautiful actress who really makes us feel for Mrs.
The driving force for Mrs.
The real merit of the picture is the cast.
Perhaps Lady with Red Hair contains his best work in films.
See it and enjoy him.
Still this slasher yarn offers plenty of nasty violence and gore.
Steers who plays the villain is fairly threatening.
The desert locations provide some atmosphere and the gore is rather strong.
8 out of 10.
I would give it 6.
5 out of 10.
A couple of the murders are indeed extremely macabre.
There are some surprisingly good performances on display from an extremely inexperienced cast.
The divine Jennifer McAllister does a superb job as the heroine and B.
Steers portrays off his rocker dementia with finesse.
But I do not know.
They are the underlying strength of the film.
You got things to say.
Told you 158 times I can not stand little notes on my pillow.
This movie is like strawberries dipped in chocolate.
A joy from start to finish.
Now THAT is only in the first few minutes.
This was the first time I would seen the always charming Teri Hatcher.
These men have great jobs though.
7 out of 10.
This film really works.
The supporting cast for this film is stellar as well.
It is about 2 men living together who are from opposite planets.
The script bristles with humor from this situation.
This had been done in some forms previously.
This is the one that brings it all together in a very good package.
It is hard to imagine Simon ever topping this.
He seems to have every health condition in the book.
Running throughout the movie are references to marriage.
Their friendship becomes an inadvertent hellish relationship.
The beginning 20 minutes are very boring.
The original film is still very good.
and laugh out loud funny in many scenes.
She calls Oscar and lets him know what happened.
After some side splitting hysterics it is agreed Felix will stay with Oscar.
I think that this is possibly the funniest movie I have ever seen.
easily surpassing the stage and screen versions of the tale.
The script is good.
And all in one scene.
What can I say.
this is a wonderful film that I can watch over and over.
It is definitely one of the top ten comedies made.
It is real to life situation done perfectly.
The joke is usually on themselves as oppose to passing the joke onto another.
Nicely photographed and directed.
The Odd Couple is a comic gem.
Thats when the fun begins.
It has a great cast who each give great performances.
Especially Sally Field and Kevin Kline.
No one delivers these lines better.
No one times them better.
Nobody does it better.
This cordial comedy confronts a few bizarre characters.
So he tries to kill himself but every attempt fails.
He offers his distressed friend Felix a new home in his apartment.
He cleans and cooks the whole time.
Filmed in a theatrical way and excellent acted.
He is the perfect clown.
The film is full of such amusing and at the same time touching scenes.
So there you have it.
Simply one of the best comedies and films ever.
It is I would venture one of the greatest comic films of all times.
The script is so sharp that you need to staunch the bleeding.
The story is well known and has already been described in other comments.
Ultimately it is not really possible to say anything else.
A FROLICS OF YOUTH Short Subject.
The abandoned spaniel he finds helps to change his mind.
As soon as he saw a dog in need he overcame his fear.
Years ago I did follow a soap on TV.
Many congrats to all who made it.
All is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by.
The mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea.
The joke proved unintentionally prophetic.
Impressive during this course of history was what led to the struggle.
I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in World War II history.
and it is pretty interesting.
This is a good movie.
It tries to be the epic adventure of the century.
It more has the same feeling that a old Errol Flynn movie had.
You just can not hate it.
I think it is an okay adventure movie.
And I really love the soundtrack.
This was a really cool movie.
It reminds me of the story of Anne Frank.
She is cast very well as Hanna and immediately has our sympathy.
The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic one.
The movie is filmed very good.
The music is good.
This is a very good and thrilling film.
Sadly a complete version of this may never get a decent release.
The English dubbing severely hurts the movie.
I do not understand.
Explain to me again how this is.
It is an incoherent mess.
It might have been a solo.
Rank amateur directing there.
But its a setup for a twisted scientific experiment to unleash his inner beast.
Post production was a nightmare.
Then its raining again.
And yet you do not look at it as a gaffe.
You can find it for free at Archive.
The world lost a great artist this month.
I absolutely LOVE this movie and would really like to have it someday.
His sister packs him some food and he goes.
This movie was great and I would like to buy it.
The boy goes with his grandfather to catch a young eagle.
the boy saves the eagle from being killed and runs away from the tribe.
Please if anyone knows where I can buy this movie let me know.
I still remember one of the opening lines.
He lived with his sister so and so in the village.
He gets to live the way he always wanted to.
He gets to soar the heavens.
There were some interesting films.
I was more of a movie goer then.
I have been searching for this film for years.
It was truly inspiring.
I too did not remember the Disney film.
I did not even remember that it was an opening film for Disney.
I truly wish they would show this on TV sometime.
And I was very impressed by it.
I remember that an Indian boy was friends with an eagle.
This impressed me very much.
As an eagle he was still wearing his turquoise necklace.
He has asked if it were possible for me to get this for him.
Since we have Indian blood he connects to this movie.
The story and images of this movie have been burned into my memory.
I loved it and want my kids to see it.
What a great story this really was.
I think it is only available on VHS.
What a wonderful era this was.
This is a good movie.
With pretty good performances.
If you like Falling down you are going to enjoy this one.
The story has been told before.
A deadly disease is spreading around.
He is indeed a desperate person just going home to see his child.
This person could be working next to you.
This is by far the most consistently hilarious comedy I have ever seen.
I can quote this movie for hours on end.
Piece of subtle art.
Doubtlessly a special story about the ambiguity of existence.
Images of Trial and same ambiguous woman.
Hypocrisy is a mask.
The acting by all of these actors is very good.
Hurt and Weller are really excellent in this film.
I thought that they performed good.
The thrills is really good and some of it is surprising.
The movie is filmed very good.
The music is good.
This is a very good and thrilling film.
Now some years later he is now in Russia or someplace.
Now as I said before this film is a lot like Falling Down.
SHE is famous for cursing a priest which came true.
which does happen at the end of the movie.
cable network while I was flipping channels.
The premise is reasonably simple.
Just that is more of snail mail.
Very slow snail mail.
This is a great film.
The cinematography is gorgeous and there are a number of big name actors.
This movie helps to image those kinds of stories and memories.
Some people just do not get it.
Kline and Fields are great.
Just a lot of fun.
Very good acting and script.
Very touching as well for the spiritually mature.
Not for people who do not like to think.
She soon discovers that she has nowhere to go.
This not very well known picture is well written and acted.
The location is breathtaking.
This film gives some insight of Japanese culture here and across the ocean.
Distortion is a movie that sort of caught me by surprise.
His wife has no idea that this is happening.
The detective hired by the playwright becomes a character in the play.
The premise is simple.
This is one of the best thrillers of 2005.
A great eye candy.
This could be the best.
They have a couple of drinks and end up sitting together on the plane.
And what does this have to with Lisa.
Definitely worth the see.
The emotions was in right choose.
Idea and script of this movie is great too.
The doctor ends up renting her a house and buying her a car.
o such foolishness here.
Yes you see a few characters but they really only interact with the principals.
Such as the husband wife at the motel whose room was canceled.
The bad guy in particular needs her in the beginning of the flight.
The rude guy in the airport was important to the movie too.
She thinks what she can do to stall time.
Any other movie the smart executive women would be acting like idiots.
But not this one.
Was Craven should do more of these types of movies.
Also one last comment.
He is completely unrecognizable.
I was bored one night and Red Eye was on and thought why not.
Red Eye is one of the best movies in a long time.
I mean I just got into the movie cause it was just so brilliant.
The story is new and different.
Red Eye is just phenomenal.
Nothing more and nothing less.
I give Red Eye 9 out of 10.
I will not give anything away.
Then we move on to where Jack is chasing Lisa in the airport.
There is nearly twelve minutes of violence and strong intensity throughout that entire scene.
Not only was the movie intense but it had a great plot to it.
Red Eye I have to say is better than 10 out of 10 stars.
thrilling as I found it.
I rather tended to forget I was watching a movie.
That says a lot.
The death of her grandmother sends her on a flight which delayed several times.
a flight where she meets Jack.
She succeeds in saving them.
A great thrill ride all the way through.
Wes Craven depicts the story of a regular hotel worker Lisa.
Then this is when the horror starts.
This is an excellent example of a bone shaking production.
Wes Craven did well with this film.
that will stay with you for weeks.
I will leave it at that.
Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on a Saturday night.
This movies strongest point is its cast.
This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills.
We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers.
The pacing in this film was great.
Much better then the other flight movie Flight Plan.
Not too long and not too shabby.
Greetings again from the darkness.
Craven even has a cameo as one of the passengers on the plane.
She is a natural.
WES CRAVEN is at his best ever.
He brings us an amazing end of summer thriller I was so desperately craving.
This is THE thriller of the year.
All the actors are amazing and the action is realistic and fun.
It steadily built suspense.
I was on the edge of my seat most of the movie.
The film is very fast pace and exciting with no slow or boring spots.
Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera.
Red Eye really shows his skills at storytelling.
Red Eye also works well because of its young and talented cast.
Rachel McAdams gives a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate.
You may even end up cheering for her out loud.
The way he acts charming at first but then turns psycho is especially impressive.
There are a few unrealistic moments that may distract the viewer.
If you expect a horror movie then you will end up disappointed.
Had me on the edge of my seat.
But these folks were probably right to keep the movie so tightly focused.
as I'm not sure it makes a great deal of sense.
Just sit back and enjoy.
No cheap make up.
As always she delivers an entertaining and convincing performance.
Wes finally gets it right.
I had fun watching Red Eye.
At least not another Scream with the usual college killer.
I saw an advanced screening for this movie tonight.
I absolutely loved it.
The movie kept me on the edge of my seat all night.
He played his character very well.
Rachel McAdams was great.
The suspense is held through out the movie.
I was not disappointed in the end.
The trailer does not do the movie justice.
The movie is much better than the trailer indicated.
Do not wait for this movie to come out on video.
75 to see it.
Hitchcock understood that people go the the movies to have a good time.
Something that Hollywood seems to have forgotten in recent years.
Rachel McAdams is wonderful as always.
The directing is surprising stylish.
The story is good but the dialog could have used some sprucing up.
I'm quite functional in my personal and professional life.
Many addicts have suffered miserable abuse.
Some kids simply respond badly to divorce.
Often it is those of us with smaller issues who suffer the longest.
This is followed by an intervention which is then followed by an outcome.
This makes the positive outcomes all the better.
Another thing I like about the show is the quality of the camera work.
Now for the bad.
The film is stunning.
It is a crude portrait of the city.
Or it is like The Brave One.
A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard.
Leaves you shaking and stunned.
Four of the best filmmakers in the contemporary Mexican cinema.
A surprisingly good cast.
If you had an assault without a scratch then you are lucky.
And it is a beautiful life in Mexico.
I nearly puked when I saw some of the images.
The recreation of a similar situation in this film shocked me deeply.
Those are meaningless compared with the actions of the people.
With a few exceptions they are all perfect examples of human rubbish.
The music by A.
I saw this movie when it first came out.
This is not your ordinary psycho movie.
Lots of interesting and original slants on the genre.
A most awaited film of the year 2002.
Its a good entertaining movie and gives good messages also.
I will rate this movie as Good instead of Excellent because of the screenplay.
Its a must watch movie.
Lexi is admitted to hospital.
This film shows it as it is.
She gets better and then has a drawback.
I think this movie shows all of that very well.
There should be more movies like this.
The product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory.
This film is not in black and white.
But lurking in the distance are the vikings.
Forget what you think you know about this film you are wrong.
Its a simple story with so much more going on.
There is death and destruction and joy and happiness.
Its not sugar coated.
Its a film that looks unlike any other.
the Images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible.
Its stunningly beautiful and best described as art come to life.
I can not say more than that.
Its one of the best animated films I have ever run across.
And the comic relief is sometimes a bit too broad.
But these are minor problems with an otherwise delightful and superbly imaginative film.
The cast is excellent I think.
It felt like a slight acid trip.
I figured I was just missing a piece of Irish history.
I originally thought the animation was flat and boring.
The edges of the screen become framed in decorated moving triangles or circles.
This is one of them.
Brendan is not fond of the wall and neither are the other monks.
One day a traveler comes from the island of Iona near Scotland.
Aidan has special plans for Brendan.
There are things worse than Vikings out there.
The animation here contains a lot of similar designs and patterns.
It enhances the film.
We are reminded of it is importance but never fully understand.
That was really the only lacking portion of the film.
Otherwise I thought the story was interesting though completely outdone by the animation.
I guess that is okay to a certain degree.
The animation can carry a film so far before it falls short.
I think it will help your viewing experience a lot more.
This a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed.
The reds used in the Viking invasion sequence is unforgettably haunting.
Try to catch this quiet gem of a film.
You fall in love with the characters from the moment you meet them.
The groundswell of support amongst our animation community is phenomenal.
I'm here to tell you now it is been worth the wait.
May there be many more.
The startling conclusion packs a mean and lingering wallop right to the gut.
A solid and satisfying winner.
I love the pace of the show and the fast upbeat music.
just incredible considering what an monumentally difficult race it is.
You are all wonderful.
If you loved Long Way Round you will enjoy this nearly as much.
Ewan makes a few appearances but Charley really pulls it off alone.
It is a motorcycle movie though and anyone on two wheels will love this.
The series features stunning photography as well as a few interviews of peoples mouths.
Great to see him with Ewan again.
As for their being no mention of it on the package.
They should have given it a 15 just for the language alone.
Wonderful location shooting in Hawaii.
The photography and the compositions are excellent.
Bow settles her hash fast.
Popping in a CD has it is advantages.
Except in the Twilight Zone.
It has a good plot and it is unique.
This movie also has a very good ending.
the list goes on.
There was one slight disappointment for me however.
you get the picture.
Well to the actual plot of the film.
This movie i have been dying to see.
Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it.
It was completely worth it.
This movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end.
Chris Rock is funny no matter which movie he is in.
Great movie when I saw it.
Have to say one of my favorite movies of all time.
Also the thought of how the movie goes is a nice way of thinking.
I like the movie overall so i give it a.
but I saw past that flaw and saw a solid comedy.
This movie is a remake of two movies that were a lot better.
This one is not so great.
It all seems real fake and the editing is just bad.
I do not know how they could release this movie like that.
Because I absolutely loved it and found it to be a little hidden treasure.
I really can not think of anything bad to say about it.
But I found all the characters very intriguing and sympathetic.
But I guess the title already kind of gives that away.
I have seen this film several times.
they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people.
I have seen this movie a whole dozen times and it is awesome.
I think that it would be interesting to do a remake of it.
Hard for any girl to look good with him.
Europa is probably the differential for its greatness in visual terms.
This is what he offers to us constantly through his work over and over.
I have read most of the comments on this movie.
No one got scared or traumatized like I have read on some posts.
The movie is just based on biblical facts.
back then there were only 4 or 5 TV stations to choose from.
The Vietnam war was just over.
There will still be 7 years before Star Wars comes out.
They just needed to find an excuse and blamed A Thief In The Night.
No one can ever blame themselves because they are always right.
Just like these whiners who complain about the movie.
These people must be full grown adults.
Something new is always good.
Trust your own instincts.
This is a great movie.
If you can see this movie.
I think the U.
will play a major role in the world government to come.
The last days are lining up with the Bible.
The viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by sloppy craftsmanship.
The message of the movie is superb.
I plan on showing it to my teen group at church.
The fashion in the movie was exactly the same fashion of its time.
Overall a good episode.
What used to terrify me in junior high now makes me laugh.
It even has the SAME EXACT score of Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
I think I'm the only person in history to make that observation.
I saw myself acting out just like her.
Anyone who has struggled with manic depression could get so much from this movie.
Never mind about if it showed her awards or what they were for.
That is not the issue here.
It was so real.
It was like watching myself up there on screen.
I wish I could thank Ms.
I have a lot of respect for her as a person.
It is unfortunate that when a celebrity suffers that is what helps people most.
I always thought she was great and always will.
I am glad that she wrote this book and that the movie was made.
She is a remarkable lady and I hope she continues to act.
She has been through a lot and has faced it.
The movie was so moving to me that I was very touched.
She was a household name in America by age 15.
The plot is flyweight.
Television horror film hostess Elvira dreams of success in Las Vegas.
Actress Cassandra Peterson has to this date ridden on that success.
Her agent Manny proves a disappointment.
Her voluptuous figure and winning personality soon draws the youth of the town.
And the breasts of Cassandra Peterson become a character of their own.
Someone posted that it could be better written and it could be.
But with a horror host instead of a lawyer.
Sadly it is a wasted opportunity.
With just a bit more writing it could be a classic.
Apart from the obvious reasons.
It would have been great to see their relationship flourish.
Elvira herself is always fun and engaging.
Every time she smiles you will too.
The sort of person you would let look after your kids.
I would recommend giving it a go.
Just do not expect too much.
The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons.
They just do not make movies like this anymore.
But the uptight townspeople of Falwell are in for a treat.
How can one not forget Daniel Greene once you have seen.
Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made that shot look any better.
but its not all that easy.
hope you like it in total i will have to give it a 0.
com if you wanna.
And yet another run of South Park comes to an end.
Another inspired South Park moment.
Now we must wait until October for the next batch of episodes.
I think that this movie is very fun and horror.
I love Elvira and I like this movie.
I think that she is amazing actress with big.
Cassandra Peterson is one of my favorite comedy actresses.
You can rely on me.
But the fact that I remember it speaks volumes.
One more rewrite for the ending was needed.
um past revealing her enormous.
There are many references made to the wizard of oz throughout the movie.
she and her uncle both quote lines relevant to their parallel characters.
This film is pure Elvira and shows her at her breast.
I mean that in a good way though.
The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre.
She is lovable and adorable.
Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just glows in this movie.
Few men could disagree with that.
I had a smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.
I wish they had made a dozen more Elvia movies.
Also check out ELVIRA'S HAUNTED HILLS.
It will not shake the world or change movies forever.
What it will do is entertain.
There are never enough.
He exudes a wonderful refined malice.
I could find no technical faults.
The execution is as close to flawless as the art form gets.
This tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being.
Mr Harvey is experiencing much pain throughout .
Harvey during a school field trip to Salisbury Cathedral.
The cathedral accomplishes its goal.
This is a very powerful and very inspiring movie.
The resolution between the graffiti boy and the Muslim was gratifying but less believable.
if you have a chance of seeing this film do see it.
in my opinion it is a piece of art.
I do not know why it was so fantastic but it simply was.
So many of the characters were so real.
A fine effort for an Australian show.
but it is reminiscent of early secret life of us.
lets hope the show keeps improving with each episode.
I can safely say I'm now glad that I did.
It is a satire of how people treat the homeless.
He dropped the Big Pass in more ways than one.
this film explores that and more.
Succeeds on Many Levels.
The fateful game took place in 1972.
That means that the protagonists graduated in 1972.
But almost all of the music played at the dances etc.
The film did not do well at the box office.
I saw it in a sneak preview.
I have always enjoyed the film.
Robin did well with his role.
I am not a football fan or a real sports fan.
Spoiler This movie is about such a concept.
Russel plays the ex jock who peaked in high school.
A great reverse tragedy.
The Best of Times is one of the great sleepers of all time.
There is lots of sentimentality.
The cast also includes many great supporters.
The fight spread outside the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger.
Brock pulled himself together and began to take charge.
Stephanie McMahon stepped out to issue her own pitch.
She said the two of them were once unstoppable and they can be again.
Triple H said that was a tempting offer.
The Canadians took over from there.
Edge tagged in soon after and dropped both opponents.
Test raced down and took down Hogan then leveled Edge with a boot.
The Rock retaliated by latching on the ankle lock to Kurt Angle.
Taker picked Rock up and crashed him with the Last Ride.
He dropped the Big Pass in more ways than one.
Great fun for anyone wishing to enjoy their youth again.
I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point.
But Williams and Russell are actually a pretty good comedy team.
This movie surprisingly had a lot of good twists and turns.
This movie has everything you want from an action movie.
Does this sounds cheesy.
Of course it is.
You could argue about the twists being predictable.
But more about the journey to that moment.
8 out of 10.
This movie surprised me in a good way.
Things get more complicated as nobody seldom tells the truth about things.
Made men is well worth checking out.
But especially Timothy Dalton plays a very good roll as the Sheriff.
Great entertainment from start to the end.
Some twists and many action scenes.
and that taxidermy has to do with stuffing animals.
Please do not ruin this great piece by your simple mindedness.
The reasons are far more complex than the single thing you mentioned.
Please read the book as is it a great source of information.
I enjoyed it a lot.
This book is even a taught as a text book at some universities.
Not to my ear.
Additionally there is a good music video.
The ending was quick though.
It ended off quickly which was perfect for this match.
Easily the match of the year.
This is by far the best triple threat match i have ever seen.
No one could predict who would come out of this one.
They say documentary presents information which is taught in middle school.
Neither did I see native peoples portrayed as poor little innocent things.
The common denominator here is the awesome House Band.
Get those boys a good lead singer and they are going places.
This is almost typical Lynch.
The performances are great and the short is thought provoking.
Many questions are left unanswered and this ignites the imagination.
Another brilliant effort from Lynch.
I really think that people are taking the wrong approach at this one.
I just take it for what it is.
I think the suspense and mystery are ingenious in their insinuation upon the watcher.
And in good right.
Lynch is not about that.
At least this side of Lynch is not.
There is diagonal pan.
Zooms also go back and forth sometimes.
This can be felt even in this crappy room.
This is your typical Lynch short.
I am watching the series back to back as fast as possible.
I am attempting to watch all things Star Trek.
Star Trek is the greatest television phenomenon ever achieved.
This portion of the film is almost spot on in that regard.
It just seems so tragic but needs to be told.
Powers Boothe give a commanding performance as the leader Rev.
Jim Jones from obscurity until total madness.
I have seen this film literally over 100 times.
These should be evident to most independent observers.
Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost.
She wears a flowered dress and apron with a sun hat on her head.
The tragic passing of Ruth affects Will deeply.
They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story.
The film is endlessly unpredictable.
Its shot in black and white with shots of color randomly appearing throughout.
This is now a personal favorite film of mine.
Jones physical likeness to Jones is uncanny and the story is acted out chillingly.
The movie keeps you riveted and is a must see for anyone.
A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses.
Not to let it be repeated again.
Rented the movie as a joke.
I loved the credit at the end of the movie as well.
In short a great movie if you are looking for something to laugh at.
A Great watch for children and adults of all genders.
Puff N Stuff had hinted towards marijuana smoking.
Your kids will love this movie.
I enjoyed it very much as a child.
My father showed me this movie as a child.
Although at the time I had no clue about what those were.
The movie is comedy and adventure.
The storyline is wacky and cheerful.
I and you shall enjoy this together.
Everything was better in past days.
But they are not the only creatures.
After seeing Dick Tracy in the 6.
I do not think you will be disappointed.
This is the perfect film for anybody to watch with their children.
I still liked it though.
She did not belong in this movie and her acting job was pretty bad.
The movie at some points just stood still.
You expected something more and you got nothing.
I did not see Ishtar but I heard bad things.
The reason to watch this movie is the atmosphere.
The costumes and makeup were flawless as well.
The facial makeup for the villains was great.
Of course that movie was much bigger in terms of gross.
Dick Tracy was originally a comic book created in 1931 by Chester Gould.
Go buy it today.
You will not be sorry.
This movies is the best movie to watch for comic book feel.
This is truly one entertaining movie.
Something is wrong with that picture.
Personally I give it a 10.
It is a movie based on a comic book hero.
This movie won more than it is share of awards.
right there tells me it is better than a 5.
If you are looking for pure entertainment be sure to check out Dick Tracy.
Definitely a movie you can watch more than a few times.
I saw Dick Tracy when I was very young.
I sure loved it though.
He or she is very unknown.
I thought that this movie was very colorful and creative.
It was entertaining and fun to watch especially as a child.
Take my word for it.
The film is a continuation of sight gags that are perfectly taken seriously.
I love the bright colors vs.
Beautiful scenery and mood transport you directly into a comic strip environment.
To me it is not bad at all.
The surreal feeling really got me.
Almost all the suits are elaborate in blues and greens and yellows and reds.
The humor is plentiful.
Dick Tracy is one of my all time favorite films.
You will either really love it or really hate it.
It came out a year after the success of Batman.
But its based on a comic strip.
This is one of the best characters Madonna has ever played.
I thoroughly enjoyed this true to form take on the Dick Tracy persona.
Dick Tracy is easily the best comic book based movie made to date.
just sit back with some popcorn and enjoy this one.
Great fun for kids and adults alike.
7 out of 10.
The list is far too long.
Just taking a look at one scene from the film is breathtaking.
I hope she can keep acting and directing.
Check the full credits on the main page and you will amazed.
like nothing you have ever seen.
The whole score was terrible.
I thought I was back in junior high school.
But there were also times when the emotion ran thick.
Nice try on an epic film.
it turned out mediocre though.
I guess you could say I was a little bit disappointed.
You have wonderful animation and at first what seems like a perfect story.
A story about absolutely nothing but a horse in nature.
Very pretty visuals though.
This is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways.
Everyone in my family enjoyed it.
But it is done tastefully and is not offensive at all.
I have loved Disney for years and will continue to do so.
I had the same feeling.
I thoroughly recommend it.
This movie was highly entertaining.
Even more impressive is Brian Adams doing all the songs in French as well.
The score is also uplifting and dramatic.
The result is truly stunning.
The story is compelling and well narrated.
I do not understand anyone who would rank this movie less than a 7.
A man readjusts to life alone after 45 years of marriage.
This was a great movie with a good story.
The music was also fantastic.
This movie really gives you a sense of family and home and friends.
Your kids will love it.
I think you will too.
People I know hate it because Spirit was the only horse that talked.
The drawn animation is a special thing about many animations.
This is what makes the movie so goo.
I liked this movie a lot.
The animation was well done and the romance was cute.
The opening scenery and music were very stirring.
The film is a lament to an America that was once beautiful.
The horse is indeed a fine animal.
The animation is simply stupendous.
Soundtrack too is very impressive.
The wonderful instrumental music lures you to appreciate the movie.
It is one of the best animation flicks i have watched.
Would be a very fine choice on a lonely night.
If only ALL animation was this great.
The characters in this film are beautifully personified.
Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure.
Not one to be missed.
Still the movie has its moments and is quite watchable.
There is at least one funny moment.
Something of a surprise.
The film starts out very well.
The opening commercial is a very nice touch.
I also can not see why anybody would not love Scarface.
this movie is just great.
Montana was all for doing what you wanted to do with your life.
This falls under my top 10 favorite movies.
Definitely a movie you must see.
However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest.
This movie has it all.
Great movie and you will probably really enjoy it.
This is still a superb film.
He is the dominant star of this film.
The chainsaw incident is downright brutal and their is blood everywhere.
Of course this is more than just a film about excess.
This is a film about the darker side of the American dream.
In many ways it puts it on a thematic par with The Godfather films.
This IS THE BEST FILM EVER MADE.
I disagree but this movie is very very good.
The psychological effects of what they are doing are well depicted.
This is one of my favorite films of all time.
Murray Abraham and Angel Salazar.
He manages to bring reality to his character that leaves a strong impression.
The supporting cast served its job very well.
Robert Loggia I have always enjoyed watching in just seeing him yell.
Everybody just seemed to fit their roles by being there.
They did not fit in perfectly but were convincing enough.
The writing was great it was just pure Oliver Stone.
That is a testament to him though.
Nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than Oliver Stone.
The music was good but not that great.
He is not inspiring in anyway.
In a freaky twisted way he is a necessity of our society.
This in no way excuses people like him.
And he will also know whether or not it was worth it.
Tony is upset and nothing can stop him now.
the film has a great supporting cast among them is F.
The movie has a magnificent look to it.
For the rest of you it is highly recommended.
Tony Montana would and did ANYTHING to achieve it.
Tony was living high off the hog.
but it drives the point disturbingly home.
Give me a break.
This movie is entertaining and you will never get bored.
This is a masterpiece and i recommend that you see this.
You will not be disappointed.
A classic is also something that everyone praises but no one has read.
It is praised for all the wrong reasons.
And that is why the film works so well.
Not a promotion of it.
It has great cinematography that pulls you into the story.
The acting is terrific.
These three dig the film as deep as it can go.
Always go into a film unsuspecting.
This is one of my all time favorites.
The Last Hunt is the forgotten Hollywood classic western.
The laugh here is that Bronson used to play Indians.
Today a large remnant bison herd resides in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming.
She looks beautiful and is adequate in her role.
The director does go a bit overboard during a particular part in the climax.
I saw this movie about a week ago and still keep thinking about it.
I was very moved by this movie.
I found the characters very believable and likable almost to a fault.
I found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis.
The film is a character study on how this family deals with its subject.
I loved this movie.
It had great production values.
Beyond the grim statistics are personal stories that we rarely hear about.
Leo tells him that he is ill and Marcel is sad but accepting.
I am still haunted by the final scene.
This is quite a dull movie.
I assume he loves her.
I know the answers do not add up but please take a stand.
It leaves you with a very fine aftertaste.
Its setting is serious.
Its elegant styling never and nowhere puts any weight on your mind.
The casting is impressive.
The latter seasons disastrous reshuffle contributed to its three season short life span.
Plus a comedy about a paparazzi reporter was original to boot.
A lot of things do not make sense to me.
She wants her freedom but it comes at a cost.
Her boss is played by the wonderful and divine Holland Taylor.
if the opportunity arises.
The film really moves along and there is excellent direction and good camera work.
But I have a few complaints.
There are only two false steps in this 1993 film.
He kills both buffalo and Indians for pure pleasure.
The most entrancing points in the movie are the entirely cinematographic ones.
An underwater shot of proliferating blood.
An uncommonly expressive sequence on what it must be like to drown.
Both visually and musically stunning.
A treat for both the eye and the ear.
The dancing of many of the lead artistes is breathtakingly good.
This movies chronicles the life and times of William Castle.
A must see for Castle fans and horror movie fans.
That aside this is just great.
So I hope this documentary acknowledged that.
I look forward to seeing it.
Trevor Howard decides their best course of action is to run for it.
They should have stayed put.
This film plays really well with an audience.
Especially once the chase begins.
The chase that ensues helps bring out the truth.
This is an entertaining film.
Seek it out if you can find it.
The Clouded Yellow is a compact psychological thriller with interesting characterizations.
She is raised by a tribe in Africa.
The point is that A.
it is hilarious until Danny Glover adopts it and it is friend.
Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.
But how can you stand to mange a baseball team that can not win.
P hide in a tree to watch the angels play baseball.
This movie was about a couple of orphaned children who wanted a family.
This movie is perfect for families to watch together.
It is a great film and it deserves more credit.
The special effects are stunning and spectacular.
Everyone who has children should share this with theirs.
great for the entire family to watch.
I happened to catch this movie on cable one afternoon.
What I found more interesting was the depiction of the foster family system.
Sidekick Milton Davis Jr.
But that is just nitpicking.
I might as well have the money as well.
This film was pretty good.
are brought in with a variety of talented actors and understanding of the sport.
William Dear and the guys put together a great movie.
I thought that this was reasonably well done.
This movie can also be the interest of avid baseball fans.
I think this is a lovely family movie.
The actors are great and the effects well executed throughout.
All ages will love this movie.
Christopher Lloyd is hilarious and is perfect for the part.
I really enjoyed this movie as a young kid.
That was definitely the case with Angels in the Outfield.
It is also hilarious.
Its an energetic movie.
Therein lies my gripe.
To top it off the setting is beautiful and the cinematography excellent.
find something to believe in.
But this supernatural comedy is still a hilarious and worthwhile entertainment.
My vote is eight.
She adds appropriate body language for comic effect.
In fact it stinks of Curse of the Jade Scorpion.
Being entirely innocent has nothing to do with it nor does unequivocal guilt.
Though the plot seemed old Woody still has a knack for one liners.
I did find his allusions to his last film interesting.
If not watch something else.
The river Styx was pure genius.
This was much better than the newspaper critics made it sound out to be.
Directed by Woody Allen.
He plays the perfect bumbling magician.
There have been a few reviews maligning this movie.
She starts to romance him but quickly falls in love.
It was shorter and moved much more quickly.
I give it an 8.
The two would be P.
s conjure an invitation to a club where Peter Lyman goes to swim.
Allen has taken himself from the romantic lead pawing his gorgeous leading lady.
Both are excellent in their banter throughout the film.
He makes a good appearance in the movie as the man pursuing Ms.
I say give it a chance because you just might like it.
It seems that as directors reach a certain age they really get things right.
The second he walked on screen audience lit up.
Scoop is classic Woody Allen.
I would even say some shades of Hitchcock.
The plot turns are nice and tight.
Less stylized than Mighty Aphrodite.
Less forced than Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending.
Woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
Greetings again from the darkness.
What is most striking to us 40 plus year fans is that Mr.
This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy in years.
She is unafraid to look and act like a real person.
especially the banter between Allen and Scarlett.
especially the Strauss composition.
I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show.
He did not get enough roles like this during his long career.
This is his best performance.
He is totally believable in a truly villainous role.
He basically would just do what MGM gave him.
This film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles.
This film is definitely worth a look.
Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateur sleuths.
His parents were English.
On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal.
And his body moves pretty fast too.
They were the exception though because everyone else including myself really enjoyed themselves.
If you are a Woody Allen fan you will probably enjoy yourself.
The classical music score is an excellent compliment to the action on screen.
Scarlett Johanson looks gorgeous in that bathing suit.
The last shot of the film alone is worth the admission price.
I went to the movie theater this afternoon expecting to be underwhelmed by Scoop.
Even the fluffy stuff.
This is a excellent series.
One thing they all share is they miss their mom.
And I love Michelle.
This show can relate to children and teens and.
I love the episode when I think her name is DD.
That was a great episode.
I recommend this show for everyone.
Full House is a great show.
I am still today growing up on it.
she is my favorite.
she had such a sense of humor.
it really is a good show.
i really think that this show should go down to many generations in families.
and it is great too because it is an appropriate show for all ages.
i give it 5 out of 5 stars.
It will make you feel a lot better.
you really should watch it and you will get hooked on it.
well i need must go to have some lunch.
I do not know what I would have done without Full House on television.
Both kids and adults will love this show.
The location was Sylvan Lake in the Black Hills.
So this Dakota youth looked forward to seeing the movie and was not disappointed.
The local buffalo herd was being culled so the shooting scenes were for real.
Full House came to me when I was about 9.
I think the comments regarding the show being cheesy are a bit too exaggerated.
It makes you laugh and it is not just humor.
I grew up watching Full House as a child.
Now my kids watch the show and they love to watch it as well.
It has good teachings your kids can learn from.
It talks about real life problems and family matters.
There is always a lesson you can learn from the show.
I vote the show a 10.
There is never a dull moment in Full House.
when i started high school back in 2000.
a few days after i graduated high school in 2004.
and the characters are so awesome.
Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother.
Joey is good natured and is always in a good mood.
somehow you can actually tell that DJ is a California girl.
and Stephanie is so cool.
also i have a hard time telling the Olsen twins apart.
i want my kids to watch it one day.
i just wished they could have made a 9th season.
but season 5 and 6 i think are the best.
Full House is a great family show.
Probably the best season is the first.
Once they live there together they find they can not live without each other.
This show is about three little girls.
So the whole show is about living life.
The whole show is basically about to go with the flow.
You do not have to hold grudges you just have to let it go.
I think this show is really good and fun to watch.
I grew up watching this show and still watch it today.
I am glad they still air this show on television.
I watch it almost every day.
Who brought the cheese.
During it is run it became a phenomenon.
The Anorexic Twins became popular.
This is when life was good and simple.
This is one of the great American classics.
It was humorous and always brought home a good lesson.
This is why I dare say.
It could have gone much later than it did.
But i need those real ones to come up with another new episode.
The Show is about Danny Tanner who is guy who does news for sports.
They all live under one roof with no one to help them out.
What a little gem.
The understated cinematography is superb and terribly realistic.
Probably because those in the movie were real killing fields.
Full House was and still is a great show.
I would love to see the cast interviewed now.
This is how I feel about the show.
I started watching the show in reruns in 2001.
I enjoy the show but it had too many faults.
Actors playing different roles in different episodes.
Danny all of a sudden playing the guitar.
Only in a TV show.
I did like the D.
I have never seen a show as good as Full House.
It is a great show for anyone of any age.
The plot of the show is very believable.
Jesse is a rock star waiting to get his big break.
He looses his wife in car accident involving a drunk driver.
Playing the character of Joey was perfect for him.
She is one of the best actresses I have ever seen.
Her acting ability in Full House was very believable.
It was supposed to be where she was going to get her big break.
She showed great enthusiasm.
Most young kids can not do this.
Full House is where they got their start.
There are many more cast members that should be recognized.
I think it was to focused on her towards the end.
Especially when I think Jodie and Candice were much better at acting.
Full House is a great show for everyone.
It can teach you a lot.
Full House continues to attract new fans.
Full House has made me laugh and cry.
I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable.
The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt.
The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times.
They are great actresses and seem to be very nice people.
Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act.
I used to watch this show when I was a little girl.
Two things I remember vaguely are the opening sequence and theme song.
I hope some network brings it back so I can see every episode.
This show has improved very much over the years.
Then later on though it was good but not great.
My favorite has got to be Wildcat.
Jim Cummings did a perfect job of impersonating the original voice.
And the villains were very original.
These are only a few of my favorite episodes.
When the camera moves on and away from Mr.
And director BROOKS is really a superb storyteller.
The stories are engaging and very plausible.
I can laugh myself to tears in a few choice ones.
The next day he leaves for the air circus.
The Characters have a lot of depth to them.
She can be a real hellion sometimes.
I can not get enough of this show.
One of the silliest subtitles I have seen.
This movie was beautiful.
She is not listed in the credits.
This is the most compelling and excellent performance that Robert Taylor ever gave.
Acting was very good.
Story had a unique and interesting arrangement.
The absence of violence and porno sex was refreshing.
Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings.
I think the film is educational.
Big opportunity was missed to tell the world what they actually believe.
We may have a Mormon president some day.
I think it is definitely worth watching.
The background scenery is beautiful.
I would definitely recommend watching this movie.
We already know Joseph Smith was human.
but it takes a lot to move me to tears.
This film is a true and historical film.
It is an excellent film and I recommend it.
But most importantly it reveals the restoration of the church.
This movie was the best movie I have ever seen.
I highly recommend this movie for everyone.
This is one of the most spiritual movies I have ever seen.
I headed up with about 150 people to St.
George and we saw this movie in the visiting center of the St.
Not one person had dry eyes in the audience.
This is a movie about Joseph Smith and a great one at that.
This was a really great show.
The actors gave wonderful portrayals of the characters in the movie.
The story was accurately portrayed.
He thinks she is ridiculous for making the trip and is discouraging.
This is where the story of the Prophet Joseph Smith begins.
The way in which the story was presented was touching.
If nothing else but to gain some understanding of his life.
It will increase your testimony of this most incredible man.
This is a must see.
This is a very entertaining film and the acting was outstanding.
Good western filmed in the rocky Arizona wilds.
One really dumb scene shows Heston emptying .
Most of them seem to be inspired by Sam Peckinpah.
IMO the beginning is very good.
Maybe both had troubles with the director or were unhappy with their roles.
He is portraying the bad guy between maniac hate and cleverness.
His role and his acting is the best of the movie.
Landscapes and Shootouts are terrific.
The shootings scenes are bloody and the violence looks realistic.
Zach Provo and his gang had some gory and violent scenes.
What I miss is the typical western action in the middle of the movie.
I would have appreciated a bank robbery or something similar.
Overall it is an entertaining western flick.
I have seen this film on Sky Cinema not too long ago.
Most of the actors played it out really well.
But that how it was.
Very good to watch.
Great score from the late Jerry Goldsmith.
Wonderful piece of Western persona.
There were even buffalo killing contests.
government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds.
The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting.
He also enjoy killing Indians who steal his horses.
But Taylor steals the show.
Do he and his friends head for the Mexican border from jail and safety.
His Indian woman was killed in the hail of bullets fired.
He knows that Heston has to make it personal then.
The Last Hard Men is one nasty and brutal western.
Of which there is a lot.
It is a western that deserves nothing less.
He teaches at his school railing against human rights abuses.
Unfortunately this is also it is biggest drawback.
C efforts which forces the company to find a new identity.
It was actually believable.
I like the movie.
Melissa Joan Hart is a good actress.
Twisted Desire is my second favorite movie.
But i still love Jeremy Jordan.
Certainly worth a watch.
My only complaint is that their appeared to be no closure.
Perhaps that is part of the point.
You can see a bit of what is yet to come.
I look forward to a chance to see The Papal Chase.
v as i think she is fine.
It made me think.
Now I'm interested to find out the facts of the real case.
Little did I know.
You just do not expect this sort of role for that sort of actress.
Jessica is known to now be residing somewhere in the state of Virginia.
Melissa plays her role as the psychotic Jennifer excellently.
I love the movie.
The Woman In Black is very atmospheric and dark.
The Woman In Black is fantastic in all aspects.
This film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story.
An hilariously accurate caricature of trying to sell a script.
But only in doses does it draw upon tag.
Whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black.
A pale look and those minor mannerisms just seem to haunt you.
This is a plain old spooky ghost story.
The ending is a real twist that caught me unawares.
Well directed and well acted.
I was so impressed I got the book by Susan Hill from Amazon.
The movie follows the book rather closely.
My copy is VHS.
I can understand why this might not appeal to all palates.
Then he brings it all to a ghastly disturbing close.
when it comes to actually scaring people.
All who love a real psychological thriller must see this movie.
it is the best of it is kind.
I'm fascinated by the fact that so many other users have said this too.
but nothing can compare to this.
Comedy Festival Aspen 1999.
Most horror movies are in fact horrible movies.
Subtlety can be more terrifying.
Most viewers would find this to be too slowly paced.
But the slow pacing helps give the story credibility.
The makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and believable.
Hollywood would have done an overkill and turned this idea into a mediocrity.
The woman only makes about five appearances in the film.
This is how a really great horror film should be.
and it is a terrible shame that this is out of print.
This film gave me nightmares for months and I'm 17.
You will not forget her once you have seen her.
I first saw this movie here in the U.
in December 1989 when Central TV broadcast it.
The many casual appearances of the ghost really freaked me out.
This is all in the very beginning.
One is eager to learn the meaning of it all.
The Woman In Black is a great TV movie and a lost gem.
This film is the most profoundly terrifying film I have seen.
The story is very interesting and gets your attention since the first minutes.
This one qualifies on all counts.
I really miss the production of good old fashion Spooky films.
This film has been scaring me since the first day I saw it.
The action keeps the viewer deeply involved and the finale is quite disturbing.
The acting is excellent and the tension is almost unbearable at times.
10 out of 10.
Other players are adequate if not quite as arresting as Emil and Russell are.
Who actually wants to discuss the theories of Relativity.
The vintage costumes and locations of the period all come off fittingly enough.
But I think it is excellent.
Each of them contains the seeds of their own destruction.
Enter Senator McCarthy who thinks Einstein is a Red.
It is a powerful and memorable moment.
Insignificance is one of my top five movies of all time.
It is utterly amazing.
A lovely little B picture with all the usual Joe Lewis touches.
people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear.
This is surely his best.
It does not lack crime.
The title character answers an ad.
She is overjoyed that she will be making some money as a secretary.
Only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal.
And Nina Foch gives the sense of a strong woman as Julia.
Foch has an elegant manner.
Surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of Dame May Witty.
But here she is far from a heroine.
It seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident.
Undoubtedly the director knew exactly what he was doing.
But he did it on a low budget.
She became one of the great acting teachers in Los Angeles.
Julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by Mrs.
Hughes and her son Ralph.
Hughes and not allowed to leave.
The acting is very good.
Julia obtains the position and is hired by a Mrs.
Hughes and has some very strange desires for playing around with knives.
MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a mesmerizing 1945 B thriller from Joseph H.
And very modest resources.
Her predicament makes no sense.
Lewis took a big step toward cult status with this film and understandably so.
Just dark enough to be interesting and light enough to be enjoyed by everyone.
I have downloaded the entire soundtrack at one point or another.
This a real diamond in the rough and not to be missed.
Strongly recommended for all ages from 9 year olds to grannies.
Lovely period piece capturing 1962.
she loves to get the kids and her into silly and sometimes dangerous games.
It is just that good.
This show is just good clean television.
The comparisons to the HAUNTING are superficial.
This was that movie for me.
They just do not make spook films like this one anymore.
and a wickedly ironic ending.
Scared the hell out of me.
Everyone that has spent the night there previously has died.
Steele makes most any film worth seeing.
The story concerns a haunted castle.
The only flaw I see in the movie is the running time.
It almost feels padded.
There is a large portion of the first act where literally nothing happens.
Our hero stumbles around in the dark finding nothing of interest.
I found the movie genuinely creepy and at the same time sorrowful.
Babs Steele is undeniably beautiful.
The music score makes the atmosphere twice as terror inducing.
This film is quite suitable for a rainy day or evening.
the Night of the Dead.
It was the first on the bill.
The film is not without faults.
Clearly some effort was put into its restoration and deservedly so.
This movie does contradict the first.
I will not deny that.
That indecipherable quality tantalizes me into watching it again and again.
The problem with the movie is in its structure.
The compositions are stunning.
You should see it at least once.
See it for yourself to find out the rest of the story.
This film gets very high marks for creating a creepy atmosphere.
The scene where Dr.
I would not hesitate to recommend this film to horror movie lovers.
This begins a wager between Edgar Allen Poe and a journalist.
Overall this is pretty good and in gloomy black and white.
Barbara Steele definitely makes the movie too.
8 out of 10.
Her mere presence turns a creepy ghost story into something truly memorable.
Well executed old and very dark house horror.
Plus we have the delightful and enigmatic Barbara Steele.
The crypt sequence is really eerie and the tension is almost unbearable.
Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said.
The series is lovable because of these puns.
You will be laughing at their own view of heaven.
I would definitely suggest this one for younger children.
There is a totally different side to the Japanese animation.
Even the theme song alone is funny.
You will laugh until your sides hurt.
Another comment about this film made it sound lousy.
Davis was so young and fresh.
She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect.
My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was.
The acting is indeed fine in most every respect.
Condensing the gigantic W.
Davis is intense to the point of scary.
But Ms Davis films of 1934 tell quite the opposite.
But even that is not all.
And it was the latter role that launched her among the greatest stars.
The story is simply too big to be told in mere 83 minutes.
Camera movements between the some scenes is also original and refreshing.
Which he just refuses to hear.
The movie may be great.
I do not make this claim lightly.
You just want to shake him.
Her Nora was the woman Philip should have stayed with.
Her Sally did not push her talent to the limits.
The film seems rather dated now in 2003.
It was startling for me to see how young Ms.
Davis looks in this move.
I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it.
A classic that deserves it reputation.
It gave me the chills for some reason.
Leslie Howard was gorgeous.
He did a great job.
So I bought it.
It was impossible to take her character seriously.
In the other major role was Leslie Howard and he did it superbly.
He was a subtle and intelligent actor The supporting actors acquit themselves well.
And the ending is a real tearjerker.
Of Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema despite its superficial faults.
It also has to be viewed in perspective.
A fine example of his skillful direction is the scene set at Victoria Station.
Davis rose the stardom with her performance.
The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs.
Thanks to her performance she brings this rather dull movie to life.
This movie is about sexual obsession.
Bette Davis plays Mildred.
This is a woman who men are drawn to.
Now the movie does not come out and say that but it is obvious.
He starts buying her things even pays for her apartment.
Meanwhile she is seeing other people and she makes no secrets of it.
He is constantly thinking about her.
His med school grades are even failing.
He is heart broken but he meets another woman.
They seem fine but it is obvious he is still dreaming of the Bimbo.
Mildred does comes back with a baby and unwed.
Finally Sally and her dad takes him in.
Not before another March of Time montage showing him going downhill.
Meanwhile he finds Mildred needs him again.
I wished she told him to stuff it.
But I feel Phillip was the bad guy.
But in any case he dogs those women waiting for Mildred.
Yes she was not a respectable woman but far from a villain.
Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one who is betrayed.
He is sensitive for several reasons.
And she finds him an easy meal ticket.
But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the film important.
Curiously her performance was not all of one note.
Every motion picture Bette Davis stars in is worth experiencing.
Few became great actors.
Her body was so curvy when she was young.
Several features of this film immediately date it.
It is probably construed to send you home with a smile on your face.
Watching her performance is still spellbinding.
She makes the viewer absolutely despise her and pity her at the same time.
I will not deny that.
So this movie was also good for my imagination.
And it is also got great emotional depth to it too.
I used to watch it at least once a week.
Now it is just too bad that they never made a soundtrack available.
Out on the streets with nowhere to go Philip is taken in by Mr.
Of the three remakes on W.
The film is dominated by Mildred from the start.
Bette Davis gives a fantastic portrayal of Mildred.
This was one of her best roles and she ran away with it.
Her disgust toward the kind Philip is clear from the onset of their relationship.
Leslie Howard underplayed Philip and makes him appear even weaker than he is.
All much in the style back then.
The choreography is awesome and the storyline is basic.
but this time around it is lighter and more comedic.
I saw this movie once on late night t.
and knew it was the best movie ever.
The progression of the main character is seamless.
Act One sets up the premise.
Act Two shows the protagonist wanting to get back at the mob.
Act Three is where the fight fest begins.
Than they work to together to save the Care Bears.
This is simply the epitome of what a made for TV movie should be.
The poorly written script.
It has it all.
Everyone involved in its creation deserves a medal.
all of 27 when she made this movie.
But this one is just plain crazy.
Life appears very good.
Both are great fun.
They start a dance school that is soon very successful.
You do not want to mess with her.
This is my favorite of the three care bears movies.
Once again I liked all the songs.
And of course I LOVED the songs.
My favorites being Growing Up and Forever Young.
The care bears movies have always had such good songs.
Ten stars for a very good movie.
The atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie.
Lots of lovely swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot.
See it and love it.
But still this movie is highly entertaining.
The two stars and Curtis Harrington stylish direction easily overcomes its flaws.
A very strange and compelling movie.
One of the more memorable films I have seen in a long while.
Fantastic performances all around.
I saw it at the Silent Movie Theater here in LA.
My vote is seven.
I always sat down and watched the first one.
As I got older I learned to prefer this one.
I tend to annoy everyone by singing it.
It was really surprising.
I think it is a wonderful movie.
It leaves an effect on you.
Again this movie can teach everyone at all ages about morality.
Romantic comedies are tough movies.
The cast is talented.
And he never looks comfortable in these dopey roles.
But I still miss his work in independent films.
Perhaps the problem lies in the script more than anything else.
This was actually a fun movie.
Jason Lee is good in everything he does.
Selma Blair needs to eat something.
But she still looks beautiful.
Maybe that is one source of disappointment.
I got to say this is one of his good leading roles.
However I do believe his role in Vanilla Sky was better acted.
This movie is all right.
She chooses his clothes and his daily schedule.
And suddenly she turns up everywhere.
It is not only about saving his wedding.
it is about survival.
And he got nice support from beautiful ladies Julia Stiles and Selma Blair.
I enjoyed it very much.
I happened to watch this movie by chance some days ago while flipping channels.
My expectations were not very high but it was an interesting movie.
The movie contains the right mix of comedy and romance.
Definitely worth a watch.
I was worried that my daughter might get the wrong idea.
You can also feel their chemistry between them.
This made the already muddled mystery story even more difficult to keep track of.
The ending at the carnival reminds one of David Lynch almost.
The acting here is also very good.
well it becomes murder mystery of plotted devilment and much shenanigans.
He was and remains a unique force in film.
One can consider whether in an earlier age he would have been a painter.
This film certainly reinforces that impression.
I like the accent.
I love all of his movies and wish there were more.
I particularly love how other actors interacted with him on film.
Watch it and be grateful for the chance.
But I find the story excellent too.
This film is brilliant.
It alone is worth the cost of a rental.
Even the great Mr.
But the credit went to Stevenson.
For five years in Hollywood it was barely a great record.
So the marriage was going on the rocks as well.
It was a wise question.
Certainly it has a curious plot development.
She convinces him to hire Michael as the skipper of their yacht.
Glenn Anders was a leading Broadway performer.
Surely that must count for something.
Pure Orson Welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies.
That scene alone is worth the price of admission.
No one should miss this picture.
Plenty of eye candy here.
Welles handles that combination of material skillfully as a director.
Welles blocks scenes with skill.
Instead he relies on externals such as accents and fake noses.
What a sad life for such a vibrant beauty.
That he presented himself as a rootless sailor is telling.
This movie is like shrimp in garlic and lemon.
Great camera works and lighting techniques.
He was playing by different rules.
He is also wonderful in a Touch Of Evil.
it is really ignorant.
His direction defines what great direction is.
Check out the courtroom scene.
Usually they are such stock scenes that I can not stand them.
Watch that juror who is always sneezing and interrupting the proceedings.
Or just take a look at the lighting in that scene.
But things do not go to plan.
One wonders why he hires Michael.
She was a brilliant actress when given the chance to show off her talent.
45 bullet through her head.
Several characters as suspects in the mystery.
Instead it was a matter of deliberate caprice by the gods for amusement.
The investment in environment beyond all.
The second Care Bears movie is immensely better than its predecessor.
Critics need to review what they class as a quality movie.
Gotten better with age so to speak.
So far this film is starting to sound a lot like Gilda.
One can only imagine the film Mr.
Everett Sloan and Glenn Anders made an excellent contribution to the movie.
They pop up all over.
I am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut.
Any or all of these items might have inspired the music.
There is no sound atmosphere on the boat.
A little wind and water is sorely missed.
At the start of the picnic sequence.
The Hawaiian guitar music which comes out of the radio.
was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point.
Nobody in the audience could possibly suspect that we are kidding.
The aquarium scene needs more echo.
The gun battle with the breaking mirrors must not be backed with music.
If you saw the original film you will notice a discrepancy.
The babies are adorable and it is fun watching them play and grow.
The songs are sweet and memorable.
I could not believe how freaking amazing this film was.
It is by far one of the best independent films I have ever seen.
I would recommend it to anyone who loves movies.
In addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far.
I loved this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end.
I look forward to more offerings from this creative and talented director.
oh lord I hope he gets better and makes plenty of other movies.
the guy knows how to handle a sword and to pull an entertaining massacre.
he is the total package.
it is pretty amazing.
it is pretty straightforward.
Japan is in serious trouble.
My Rating 7 out of 10.
These are the basic premises.
The story begins with a festival in a local town.
From here the story gets interesting.
I was however mistaken in the best possible way.
It becomes a practically theatrical experience which takes your breath away.
Its a horror style play thats been filmed.
It is all in all a solidly great film.
I might just watch it again myself.
An ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat.
This is a nice piece of work.
Very sexy and engaging enough plot to keep my interest throughout.
and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store.
sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things.
but that is what i think an thought about the movie.
Many suspects in this one.
I have not seen any other movie quite like True Crime.
i mean it is exciting.
I would recommend it to other people.
It comes on Lifetime movie network quite a lot.
I really like her as an actress and person.
She seems so nice and down to earth.
Kevin just seems too sweet for me.
But I think he did okay.
just like she is in real life.
In fact everyone in the cast does a good job .
I reckon her characterization of MG has some mileage in it too.
I can only wonder what happened after such a promising start.
I think it is an entertaining story worth seeing.
While in space he contracted some bizarre and unknown disease.
Just gotta love it for what it is.
It starts off slow and you wonder if there is anything going to happen.
It chills you right to the bone.
Never the less a great ending that begs you to want to know more.
Loved it and well done and thanks for the ride.
never comprehending the race had LONG GONE BY.
but how come he.
The melting guy wanders around killing people.
A very special movie.
The character of Dr.
That sequence with the nurse is simply hilarious.
The climax is especially fun.
Hollywood needs to consider a charming remake of this movie.
My wife and I would go see it.
This movie has Tony Randall at his best.
Too bad Hollywood does not make movies like this anymore.
Most people will never have any use for these.
He sends Tony Randall to check out the situation.
They make a cute couple actually.
I think most would agree that from documentaries we expect enlightenment and authenticity.
eventually after about a week of looking i found it on atom films.
I started off fine.
at the end i pushed back my chair and stood up.
even after the fourth or fifth time its still unsettling.
But the film gets high marks for a fun script and decent acting.
Many critics have felt offended that R.
They are mutually related.
They are both good in different ways.
she was more believably sweet and sentimental.
This is the best Emma in existence in my opinion.
The 1996 movie with G.
Both versions are very good but I prefer this one.
i really loved this version of Emma the best.
the only complaint that i had was on Mr.
she was a smart girl in the end though.
I have lost count of the number of versions going around.
Mark Strong did a fabulous job.
Emma must show that she accepts this now.
She is a changed woman.
I will buy into it.
just as I would have imagined her.
I believe that when the UK does a Jane Austen its the best.
American versions of English literature are done for money and not for quality.
I was always borderline with the other Emma.
It seems put on.
Sorry but do not think Toni and Gwenneth did a brilliant job there.
It is definitely the version I will come back to from now on.
I also love the new scene at the end.
The setting and costumes were beautiful.
She is snobbish but has just enough youth and inexperience to be still likable.
A strange departure from the faithfulness otherwise shown throughout the film.
For me this production was and remains a delight.
The film also marks the beginning of the series featuring the Hardy family.
Lionel Barrymore plays Judge Hardy with conviction.
He is the glue that holds everything together.
This is a excellent start to the film career of Mickey Rooney.
His talents here shows that a long career is ahead for him.
The car and truck chase is exciting for the 1937 era.
This start of the Andy Hardy series is an American treasure in my book.
I think it would be a winner.
Her name is Fanny and she is interviewed here.
The film makers make the film more than just another documentary.
Recently more and more documentaries have been making it to cinemas.
But this one as to be amongst the best.
I used to borrow the books from the school library every chance I got.
Seven young people go to the forest looking for a bear.
Soon they are all stalked and viciously murdered by a crazy Vietnam veteran.
However if you are a fan of slasher movies give this rarity a look.
My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie.
So there must be something.
10 out of 10.
The forestry setting and particularly the camouflaged booby traps are joyously spectacular.
The film launches in the somewhat unfamiliar territory of a pistol duel.
All this talk about this being a bad movie is nonsense.
As a matter of fact this is the best movie I have ever seen.
I would not give criticism to any of the actors.
That movie is the best and it will always stay that way.
Full of profound emotions from every angle.
Irons deserved an award for his performance and Close was never better.
And this something was the most important part.
i would give each actor an Oscar.
i wish the movie received more awards.
the story was beautiful and sad at the same time.
He makes so many mistakes but gets a chance for redemption.
Many people here utterly dislike this movie.
I can not understand that one single bit.
This movie is an incredible piece of work.
Stellar performances all around.
This one had me weeping for about half an hour straight.
Spend some real time with this one.
Esteban is find enough.
The way the plot was constructed with the ending mirroring the beginning was great.
What is told is told fairly well.
The acting is excellent.
The film is based entirely on a pair of hapless lovers.
Beautifully filmed and acted.
Reveals an area of Paris which is alive and filled with comedy and tragedy.
This movie is dear to the French movies buffs for another very special reason.
What saves this plot is its connection with the story of M.
She does not appear to cause such a curiosity while talking.
Garbo was very good in American film and she is also very good here.
Even William Daniels cinematography seems improved over his filming of the Brown version.
This version of Anna Christie is in German.
Both were filmed back to back because Garbo had such a following in Germany.
Garbo herself supposedly favored her Anna Christie in this version over the English version.
this is a great movie.
then you see him chanting poems as he ran to escape the wolves.
So the main theme is the guy trying to save the beautiful ghost.
And I'm looking forward to watching the first sequel of this movie also.
If there is a movie to be called perfect then this is it.
Go find it somewhere.
This is one of the reasons people rave about Hong Kong cinema.
Entertainment at it is peak.
Just read the original story which is written by Pu in 18th century.
The result is pure beauty.
The film has some wonderful visuals and amazing fights.
I love especially the fight scene between Wu Ma and the tree demon tongue.
Not to repeat other reviews here.
The score is very good and moving.
Recommend everybody to see it.
The filmmakers have crafted a movie that appeals to every horror fan.
The story is engrossing and original.
The villains are appropriately menacing and frightening.
The sets are creepy and atmospheric.
This film easily fits into many different categories.
This film offers something for every film fan.
Her portrayal of the title character is truly haunting and memorable.
Wu Ma is hilarious as the cantankerous Taoist who aids the young lovers.
The direction is superb.
The cinematography is gorgeous.
Enough good things can not be said about this film.
Find a copy anywhere you can.
The art set decoration and other aesthetic facets are all mesmerizing.
More fantastically the movie had a total black humorous undertone in it.
The climax is like a mirror of Miranda Otto fighting with the Ring Witch.
I like the good and evil battle.
I liked Eddie in this movie better than any movie he has ever done.
He shows heart and a more humble humor.
A beautiful story that truly pays attention to details.
I saw this movie in my childhood.
My all times favorite movie.
I follow this movie.
The story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm.
A beautiful story that truly pays attention to details.
Some of the special effects may seem outdated compared to modern standards.
This minor flaw is easily ignored.
There is so much to discover in this story.
The romantic relation between the two main characters is so beautiful that it hurts.
The visuals are beautiful too.
This movie is incredible.
The final showdown is specially breathtaking and the music score is kinda cool.
Not for the smallest children though.
This one deserves a 10.
My pal Steve Parkhouse recorded it on VHS and sent it to me.
The crew of cinematographers have also done miracles.
This is a film where every shot is an expertly crafted painting.
From the opening song onwards the music becomes as important as the characters.
The score is a perfect mixture of modern and traditional instruments.
And we of course have the acting talent.
She is the epitome of ethereal beauty.
But later it is shown in all its crazy glory.
A true team effort that has given us a truly ground breaking movie.
that should tell you something.
I saw when I was a child and I have a good memory.
I think the end is very worth sticking around.
She targets him and decides he will do nicely.
He is all too eager to be eaten up by the young beauty.
Hysteria and fear take over from cool calculation and cunning.
It appears to be England.
Corny plot and in many cases terrible acting.
Yet the movie is so juicy and so suspenseful.
More faithful to the book than most movies of its era.
Joan Fontaine stars as the villain in this Victorian era film.
Marshall is quite good as Miles.
It takes an actress with extraordinary talent to pull that off.
I highly recommend this film.
I watched this film and then Jane Eyre right after.
she just keeps getting better.
My heart was racing.
Great old movie drama.
Just what i want from a classic movie.
Facial expressions are worth the whole film.
I'm glad i have it on video.
The costumes are very nice.
Whenever they try they just seem to make a cheesy movie.
Films in black and white still hold a certain mystery.
A strange role for Eddie Murphy to take at the height of his career.
The sets look phony.
So we have here a flawed but very interesting version.
The Sea is Watching was an interesting film experience.
It was obvious what we were to look at in each frame.
The physicality of the set itself contributed to that feeling of smallness and intensity.
Maybe we just miss the eye of the master.
To expect that might well be very silly.
This is a very fine and poetic story.
It goes deep into your feelings without becoming melodramatic.
This should help clear up some details which may be confusing to the unaware.
You will not be disappointed.
I recommend this film to all that love a epic period piece.
They are not accurate on this film.
Eddie Murphy really shines in his roll.
You can sit down with your whole family and everybody will enjoy it.
I recommend this movie to everybody to see.
It is a comedy with a touch of fantasy.
This movie takes you from L.
lowest of the low.
The movie deserves a higher rating.
It is a tale of survival of women in feudal Japan.
the strong ones while women were thought to be just mindless and weak property.
Each has a reason for turning to the life of geisha.
The sea is watching and will find protection for true love.
My boyfriend and I both enjoyed this film very much.
A tragically wonderful movie.
brings us to a Japan that does not exist anymore.
The characters are full of depth and act with much intensity.
I can understand those who dislike this movie cause of a lack of knowledge.
I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting.
The film was full of beautiful touches.
the courtroom scene itself.
with the couple copulating in the cage while the heroine pleads for their orgasm.
I have not seen this movie in 20 years.
but it made indelible pictures in my mind.
especially when you are 17 and have a constant hard on.
This movie was good for it is time.
This was one of her first movies and she was not bad.
I loved the the film.
Out with the old and in with the new.
She brings to mind a New Yorker cartoon of a few years ago.
They have to carry it and they do.
I found the film compelling.
She is realistic settings and atmospheres.
As usual it was inevitable the usual negative comments.
Before you read the review already knew what was the final judgment.
In the film a good gift because 10 is really well done.
then comes the noises and the loud pounding from the apartment upstairs at night.
And the sinister new neighbors soon become more than a little bothersome to Alice.
The flashback scenes are what really made it for me.
The ending I consider to be one of the finest in Horror history.
The Sentinel has the perfect build up of tension.
We are never fully comfortable whenever Allison is on screen.
It will give you the thrills and scares you need to be satisfied.
Well worth the look.
Time has not been kind to this movie.
This falls on her in atonement for her attempted suicide earlier in her life.
The cast was competent.
The damned souls at the end are portrayed by actual sideshow freaks and geeks.
Whoever thought to do that was a twisted but brilliant genius.
It remains a strangely compelling and entertaining dip into the realm of evil.
the Brooklyn Queens Expressway.
This happens to be one of my favorite horror films.
Burgess Meredith is delightful as the lovably insane neighbor.
There is almost no gore.
The direction is quite spartan.
but perhaps I have said too much already.
I highly recommend you not watch it alone.
Whoever was the casting director for this film deserves some sort of prize.
8 out of 10.
The end scene is repulsive and yet chilling.
Unfortunately there are no extras beyond a trailer that looks pretty worse for wear.
Alison Parker is a model with some fame.
Alison realizes that she is living in the gateway to hell.
Yesterday I saw this movie once more.
The creepy and lurid story frightens even in the present days.
The cast is a constellation of stars and starlets.
My vote is nine.
The first time you see The Second Renaissance it may look boring.
Look at it at least twice and definitely watch part 2.
It will change your view of the matrix.
and thus the populace has become lazy and derogatory towards them.
I would say it does a great job of that.
The plot is good.
Thus it holds clips from fictional news reports and the like.
Japan makes some of the best animation in the world.
Sadly most of these shorts are disappointing.
The Second Renaissance is made as a historical file.
It tells how humans made machines in their own likeness.
The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world.
The governments of the world order to dismantle machines.
The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography.
Seeing themselves as the rightful masters of the machines.
He is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going.
But its a good watch.
Plus it needs to be seen with part two to be complete.
This is the perfect method to reveal the history.
It was a lot of fun working for and with R.
Harlin and wished I had a chance to do it again.
Or at least that is what you would have thought.
I give it 3.
A very entertaining horror film with some very nice touches indeed.
The film is not exactly original but the plot line is interesting.
We focus on a prison that has been reopened after a number of years.
It looks creepy as all empty and filled with prisoners.
We are given some character depth and several of the prisoners are interesting characters.
Chelsea Field is okay as the female lead.
But these scenes are visually creative and interesting.
The acting is uniformly decent.
The script actually much more cohesive than one usually gets from films like these.
It seems that the time for vengeance has finally arrived.
even though these are genuinely unsettling as well.
Lane Smith is deliciously wicked as the guilty warden.
This atmospheric and very moody film features lots of gruesome gore and violence.
I was amused throughout and laughed out loud plenty of times.
And made tonnes more money.
Time to end this review.
I love this movie like no other.
The movie captivates your attention for every second.
This movie really kicked some ass.
I watched it over and over and it never got boring.
This movie lived up to what I had hoped for.
Like I said its a hidden surprise.
It well written well acted and well cast.
I liked everything in this movie.
Look its Hollywood all right but the brighter side.
Well worth a look.
And it is a role he plays well.
Timothy Hutton plays a fine villain and Angelina Jolie pouts.
Drug addiction and a desire for the sultry Jolie mix a heady cocktail.
This film has a lot of raw potential.
In the end he just tries too hard.
Angelina Jolie was also really good.
I enjoyed this movie.
Very unfair to say the least.
By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.
However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom.
She puts in a solid performance.
Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character.
I love this film.
It is well written and acted and has good cinematography.
Great cast all together.
A must see for people bored with the same old action movie.
I gave it 8 stars.
For a first film in a proposed series it achieves the right balance.
I'm looking forward to the next film.
This is what I do with books that I like as well.
What I got was a movie not based on action or violence.
The director had focused on history and psychology.
almost boring and unreal.
The acting could have been improved too.
And please forgive me for my bad English.
For me they were totally credible.
When looking at it again I must say it is actually pretty OK.
The script and direction provide some gems.
The first point I like to make is that this is slightly wrongfully classified.
It is one of the greatest adventure comic strips of all time.
I enjoyed this film.
However this is acceptable just to get such a faithful version.
Positive surprised of this story about Modesty and her childhood.
So I may have overrate this movie just a little.
I have seen this movie and I must say I'm very impressed.
I fancy to see this again.
Action fused with a fantastic story.
The bad boy is pretty too.
The movie does not introduce Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald.
What this movie accomplishes is showing the strength of the character by herself.
The film does not come across as cheap.
I first saw this movie on television some years ago and frankly loved it.
Charles Dance makes one of the most terrifying villains anyone can imagine.
His sophistication is such a perfect contrast to the crudely good hero.
I loved it when I first saw it and I love it still.
I suspect it might not do that well in the USA in general distribution.
She has lots of closeups.
What we have here is a step or two better than that.
I just hope they do better on that if and when they make sequels.
I used to watch this show when I was a little girl.
I vaguely remember the theme song.
No such scenes are present or needed.
Short synopsis This film opens with soldiers being released from the company of men.
One of them pursues another with a weird scheme the other repeatedly refuses.
It is also very stylish.
The wardrobe is also very good.
Both do a considerable amount of acrobatics.
And it is certainly the man himself we hear.
He is the best brainy police inspector I know.
No such scenes are present or needed.
Michael Ritchie and Eddie Murphy fit the bill for this capacity just fine.
My advice to you is to buy the ticket and take the ride.
Losing Algiers was a bitter blow.
I definitely recommend reading the book prior to watching the film.
Having grown up in Melbourne I could really relate to this book and movie.
Those that rent the movie based on this description will only be disappointed.
This is what I like about it.
But the glamorous and sultry Ms.
For the first half of the movie the little girl grated on my nerves.
I do not think this is one of her best acting jobs.
The story is based on true events and that helps the movie.
It is a great movie.
i just saw this movie on TV.
i can feel the lost that the little girl Desi felt.
the feeling of wanting to see her father again.
wanting to talk to him.
or at least given the chance to say goodbye.
it just lets me feel that miracles do exist.
There is an intense scene or two in this.
I recommend this to fans of these types of movies.
The little girl Desi is so adorable.
I cant think of a more beautiful story then this one here.
Great cast and an overall great movie.
with a little help of it is friends.
It has a great cast.
My family and I have viewed this movie often over the years.
There are no downsides to this sweet human story.
What a lovely heart warming television movie.
Her mother is also very distressed .
only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.
The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching.
James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.
This is a great movie.
It is based on a true story.
I loved this movie.
This was one of the most popular with all our customers.
i can see why they have 3 nominations.
you can find mermaid at all blockbuster video stores.
This is the way a proper horror movie should be.
I think the reason it was so scary was because it was so realistic.
The spooky sounding score was perfect for setting a dark mood.
The special effects were very good.
I would love to see more horror movies like this one.
Other then that it had all the elements a good horror movie needs.
I will be adding it to my collection.
It will keep you completely off balance.
I screamed out loud two or three times during the show.
The sound was particularly great and the setting was really creepy beautiful.
For some reason that makes this even stranger for me.
but I will tell you something now.
They decide to move away and rent a cabin looking thing in the mountains.
to cut a long story short.
Dark Remains is a home run plain and simple.
The couple is not doing well.
the sign behaves like an object.
This movie was very good.
Allan was very good and I thought the cinematography was amazing.
It offers some genuine scares and plenty of tension.
The acting is fairly good and the cinematography is great.
7 out of 10.
it is just done well.
This is not a movie to watch while you are eating pizza.
something that is rather rare nowadays.
and most of them suck.
a few are watchable.
even fewer are actually good.
Dark Remains is one of the good ones.
I caught a screening of this film at the South Padre Island Film Festival.
the audience loved it.
the film looks fantastic.
the acting totally works for the film.
the story is good.
Well worth the rental.
I also enjoyed the projection of people on a back screen.
Same with the scene when Katharina finds her father dead in the bathtub.
you can only see the red water on the side.
The use of black comedy in this film was well done.
God Help us for what we have done.
I feel sorrow for the people affected.
They deserve justice and their homes back.
No one is above the law.
but makes no suggestion of how to help.
Instead they chose to effect the wholesale forcible removal of the native population.
This is a very good movie.
It always comes down to race.
This is an excellent movie.
Pay no attention to the racist.
I recommended everyone to go see this movie.
This is a very dramatic and suspenseful movie.
There are many plots and turns.
Strong performance of Sean Connery and Ed Harris.
Ed Harris was the real gem in the film.
not a bad place to start.
This is a great film and should be seen.
I really enjoyed it.
I like a good mystery.
and this one had me guessing up to the end.
Sean Connery did a good job.
Lars Von Trier is never backward in trying out new techniques.
Some of them are very original while others are best forgotten.
He depicts postwar Germany as a nightmarish train journey.
It is not a simple task as he quickly finds out.
His job is to attend to the needs of the passengers.
When the shoes are polished a chalk mark is made on the soles.
There are many allusions to the German fanaticism of adherence to such stupid details.
He returns to his cabin and makes a connection to a time clock.
Quite ridiculous in fact.
It could only happen in a dream.
The bomb scene described above really put me off.
Perhaps I'm a realist.
Keep your boots on for the strange turnaround at the end of the movie.
I really liked this film.
The surprising turn of plot at the end makes it interesting.
I gave it 7 of 10.
To fight against the death penalty is a just cause.
Everyone who is sane in Europe would think so.
In the USA everything is different.
But the film has a sequel.
Justice in the USA is entirely governed by the aim of vengeance.
Miscarriage of justice is just the same governed by vengeance.
He hides his shame and swears to get his vengeance.
Only God can take the life of a person away.
If vengeance is pushed aside there is no other justification for this death penalty.
I'm going to give a simple review for the normal moviegoers out there.
I thought the casting was perfect.
I was riveted throughout this movie.
If you like mystery thrillers then this definitely a movie you want to see.
To say that all is not what it seems is to put it mildly.
The cast uniformly turns in some good performances.
Of course the reverse is equally true.
I guess if Just Cause has a moral that would probably be it.
That the black police detective Lt.
Tanny Brown of the small community is corrupt and villainously mean.
Is unfettered from prison and eludes his horrific punishment.
Whom he immensely detests.
He just merely struck a bargain with fiendish psycho Sullivan.
To get loose so he could kill again for revenge.
Now Sullivan is executed to his death.
A good thriller that works.
Delivers both mystery and subterfuge.
How reluctant blacks are hazed by racist lawmen.
Sentenced to unfair penalties.
Underwood and Harris are over the top and invigorating as the malevolent psychos.
Ruby Dee is great as the tenacious grandmother.
The rest of the cast is wonderful as well.
This movie really is a mixed bag.
Maybe Sean Connery was miscast in his role.
His performance alone is already more than enough reason to watch this movie.
We feel horrified by what the officers do to the prisoner.
Things are not exactly what we thought they were.
Perhaps had they shown flashbacks or something.
I do not understand this type of criticism.
Books and films are different media.
This TV movie was charming.
I would never have guessed she was 40 when she made this film.
I also think it is about the best thing Reeves ever did.
I found this movie to be charming.
This is a period piece that I believe took place during the depression.
He sees the ad and he goes out to see her.
Everything went on so matter of fact.
They dance around the fact that they begin to really need each other.
Things start warming up until .
I will not spoil it by telling you what happens.
But the point of resolution is perfectly wonderful.
I love this film.
When the penny finally drops his face is a picture.
A bona fide low budget classic.
I have always treasured this film.
Which brings me to an introduction to the characters I liked best.
This film is as good as it is difficult to find.
Give this film a chance and listen to what it says.
because they HAVE been making the same car since 1986.
The film is five years old and rings more true every day.
I think it is a very good film.
This movie packs a lot of story into a very short time.
I found the music a real treat.
A total trashy treat.
com and some retail stores such as Best Buy.
The whole thing seemed rushed and kind of forced.
Preston Waters is off to a bad summer.
His father confines him to his room for the rest of the evening.
Now the three have to track Preston down.
He makes this person up named Mr.
Miguel Ferrer plays his role very good.
He does all sorts of wicked crazy things.
I mean how whacked out is this.
Walt Disney really outdid themselves this time.
The comedy is most of the times expected but the other times unexpected.
I mean was this movie OK or was this movie OK.
But also it sucks.
That kid is really lucky.
Back to the story.
The acting was good and bad.
The special effects on the other hand was lame.
I hated and loved it at the same time.
This is a good movie.
This movie was one of my favorites during my childhood.
This is an excellent little film about the loneliness of the single man.
They try various nightclubs and places but all to no avail.
One is enough for any man.
But ultimately it is a very beautiful and deeply moving film.
Yet it is extremely relevant to society and everybody.
This depressing movie is only suitable for an informed audience.
But these are failings of the movie but conscious choices.
Acting was very good.
Story had a unique and interesting arrangement.
The absence of violence and sex was refreshing.
Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings.
This concert is just shear brilliance from start to finish.
Jack Bruce just great.
I do not agree with that.
I have no complaints.
The concert sounded very good.
Steven Ford was very likable.
More importantly Helen Hunt caught my eye.
Sure I liked Twister and As Good As It Gets.
I would now see myself as a huge fan.
This movie comes with high marks from.
My vote is nine.
Getting a job at the Mr.
Put back on undercover duty by her boss Capt.
I really wish it was on d.
Helen Hunt gave such a raw performance.
She played a rookie cop thrown into serial killer case perfectly.
When she falls apart because he kills another kid it was amazing.
It was a real thriller without being gory.
The acting performances were great and the script was equally great.
Gina was a complex character.
She was a rookie cop with the Riverside Police Dept.
The entire movie was spectacular.
This movie was a good example of doing a lot with little.
More TV movies ought to be made like this one.
This film really increased my respect for Hunt as an actress.
I ALWAYS watch it again.
NEVER turning the channel.
Reading the earlier comments persuaded me to give it a shot.
8 WHO'S STATISTICAL AVERAGE was 7.
3 It must be a sure hit.
I gave it a 9.
One of the better movies released.
Space Cobra himself is witty and likable.
Check out if you can.
This film is a great fun.
I recommend you watch it yourself and then watch it again with your friends.
But they all thanked me and loved the movie.
group where everyone trusts everyone else.
He was evil with a great laugh and a great smile on his face.
But I do not want to give anything away.
This should be a international classic for all time.
I believe all great movies eventually rise to the top.
Time will be very good to this film.
The director and editor were fantastic.
They deserved winning the best documentary.
He has been chided for calling himself one of the best working directors.
I tend to agree with him.
He simply is the Bergman or Fellini of our time.
It is too bad the critics are too intrigued with themselves to notice this.
I think that is the point.
He even laughs when a character is given a really silly and trite line.
Not a good choice for the little ones.
Beat a path to this important documentary that looks like an attractive feature.
On a single watching your sense of narrative becomes mired.
so I watched it twice.
At some point the filmmaker came to the same conclusion.
What a fascinating film.
But the twists and turns she takes the documentary maker through are amazing.
and then put back together again.
She refuses to return to Jordan and show us the facts.
The result is an incredible look inside the mind of a con artist.
The movie is neither unduly sympathetic nor dismissive of the natives.
Be there at ten.
EUROPA also gets accused of historical incorrectness.
It should not be that terribly hard to escape.
The screenplay is very original and the story is spoken in Tupi.
My vote is eight.
I love this movie very much i watched it over and over.
Maybe you have seen better or whatever it is i personally love it.
This film is a very good movie.
The way how the everybody portrayed their roles was great.
The story is nice.
She later becomes pregnant.
But shortly their is a problem.
Sadly they wont get the child.
She later becomes pregnant but she is not married to him.
The movie is very good.
The songs are melodious to listen.
The cinematography is excellent.
The cast makes the movie great to watch.
Worth the money and time.
which are required to make a movie hit.
Later when she too turns out thoughtful about her life she deserve proper attention.
But still then it is a doubt.
The cinematography was unfortunately bad.
There is no doubt she is more talented than her industry contemporaries.
She just should do more such roles.
But the plot has it is number of clichs.
There are some very little plot holes.
Otherwise the whole family sequence felt overdone in the beginning.
Over here he gave one of the best performances.
Its surprising how she can be just as convincing when she is innocent.
This role is one of the reasons why I rate her high.
The songs are pretty nice.
1 Punjabi came across boring though it had good dancing.
Otherwise the movie is definitely worth a watch.
The only information given was that it was a suspense thriller.
The main plot is to do with surrogacy and is well handled.
this kept from her and the rest of the family.
They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon.
Raj finds a girl.
She is a dancer and a prostitute.
Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees.
They go to Switzerland to do this so no one finds out.
They are happy again.
It was still excellent.
The songs of the film are great.
This film was Europa.
Required viewing if you admire Martin Scorsese and his work.
I wish everyone took a page from his love of movies.
People have no clue what ideas are being explored in their favorite movies.
He evaluate his stylistic sensibilities along with the directors of the sequences themselves.
This dictates the structure for the documentary.
I was enthralled through the whole thing and you will be too.
She also adopted Anne Shirley as her stage name.
Tom Brown was an excellent Gilbert Blythe.
Von Trier brilliantly paints his vision on screen.
Which transformed the basic genre from mildly amusing family drama to comedy.
A change that delighted audiences and that continues to frustrate reader purists.
Australian character actor O.
Never viewed this film and consider it a great Classic with great veteran actors.
This season was the one that was most about actual business skills.
Brent was just an embarrassment and obviously only there to create drama.
New York will always be the place for this.
The tasks were terrible and Trump also chose the wrong winner.
Never has anyone dominated a season like he did.
And they certainly do not reveal any hidden agendas.
The road to success is not easy.
The group is divided into two teams that compete against each other.
Others may involve selling at a retail outlet or on the street.
The tasks bring out the best and worst in the participants.
And sometimes more than one person gets fired.
No one should sacrifice their integrity for this.
I have seen losing teams sometimes appearing better organized than the winning team.
But the best part of the show is New York city.
But just like the amazing race this show is always best watched in moderation.
You enjoy seeing them get screwed although its totally wrong and sick.
The amount of tears also seems to be increasing by the season.
Watch with caution and maintain a conscience.
Those are your fellow human beings in the firing line.
The TV series was much better.
So thanks to this Puppet Master is going to be a big hit.
Then buy the poster and hang it on your wall.
The soundtrack is highly recommendable too.
This movie is brilliant.
This movie is an underground hit and brings comparisons to Absolutely Fabulous.
If you watch Party Girl you are bound to have a good time.
It is comforting to see a female slacker develop into a mature woman.
Repeated viewings are a must.
This movie is FUN.
I have always thought that she bears some resemblance facially to Katharine Hepburn.
I gave this movie an 8.
But it is incredibly charming and entertaining.
This movie is a great way for the series to finally end.
Personally I wish Puppet Master Vs.
And the movie was pretty good also.
but it all WORKS.
We should all be so lucky.
She is the whole picture.
The rest of the cast is good.
The public library vs.
academic library argument is a classic argument waged among librarians and library school students.
It also breaks many librarian stereotypes.
A French film Ester Williams would love.
Frogs sit on water lilies.
The frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship.
Physical beauty is a currency.
The French are long on paradoxes and short on consistency.
No wonder Francois is always sniffing after her.
This is of course a tricky topic.
Not that you should expect this to be a soft porn movie.
Let me give an example.
Adele is the girl the others envy.
She brags unashamedly about her expertise in fellatio.
Being less special Anne is more truly accessible to the boys.
He was excellent the most enjoyable part of the film.
I suggest you give it a go.
But it is watchable.
The strong individual characters provide the movie with some nice themes and good moments.
A good movie on its subject.
The film reverses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality.
I must confess that I do not quite understand this title.
It is no different for boys.
Much of the movie is water ballet.
This seems to be their first contact that is not just ordinary.
Soon they will walk together.
I took for granted that the couple slept with each other.
But we will later learn from the movie that they do less than that.
I can supply some information which few users will find elsewhere.
And Marie proceeds to eat the rest.
Marie says she can not do this.
But still later Marie says that she is indeed willing to do it.
There is no nudity in this scene.
This story is told at a slow pace and that works very well.
Everyone is completely believable.
7 out of 10 synchronous swimmers.
Three teenage girls in an incomplete triangular relation.
The base of the triangle is barely there.
She is deeply involved in the sport of synchronized swimming performing at competitive level.
Marie sees her during a competition at the local public swimming pool.
Marie is not phased out by that reputation.
Put a stress on reputation.
The first half is set up.
This one is no exception.
Here it is about ceilings and the dying.
See the film to learn more.
The director says that the use of synchronized swimming is purposeful.
The music is perfect and the acting is amazing.
The camera works beautifully also.
it is probably one of the best roles he ever had in a feature.
the musical score is very good.
the story DOESN'T make sense.
BUT THAT ONLY MAKES IT ALL THE MORE INTRIGUING.
He has never been a very interesting film actor.
The best part of this movie is the writing and the wit.
The use of Spanish gives it more authenticity.
I thought it was fun and interesting and worth a 7 at least.
Kirk beams down and finds the others reporting similarly bizarre happenings and encounters.
I watched SHORE LEAVE the other day.
Which makes me think.
MAYBE she was one of the teachers at the academy.
Yeoman Barrows seems to be filling in for Yeoman Rand.
Considering how much attention Dr.
Spock could do that.
Good comedy and mystery thriller at the same time.
As for me it is unacceptable.
and I have some idea.
I know that Lars likes to experiment.
only this way it is possible to make actors alive again.
The most important thing now is the story.
or even to see just the script.
I'm curious how the story ends.
bring an art house style film mainstream.
Jane Fonda was unable to hide her braininess enough to make her character believable.
The acting overall was above average compared to most slasher films.
But what is shown is decent enough to make Hollow Man an entertaining movie.
The first two acts are so good that the slasher final act disappoints.
HOLLOW MAN is one of the better horror films of the past decade.
Kevin Bacon proves again that he can handle any role that comes his way.
One of the most thrilling horror films ever.
The action is intense and the chills are true.
All of whom do an exceptional job.
But someone has to be the subject.
The second half is exciting and appealing to most action and horror fans.
Think of DEEP BLUE SEA.
Then change the sharks into an crazy invisible man.
And then change the water into fire and explosions.
A rehashing of a killer shark movie.
Most of the first tries ended up unstable.
So he ends up being one mad invisible killer.
I would care less about the ones who did you wrong.
Hollow Man starts as brilliant but flawed scientist Dr.
The script by Andrew W.
This is a great fun nasty movie.
Now his mission is to make them visible again.
There are scares and chills and the movie moves at a nice pace.
Normally I do not like series at all.
Greetings again from the darkness.
But their nighttime battle against the lions is thrilling.
Some of the underwater shots are breathless.
The most amazing scenery for me was the breathtaking views of the Himalayas.
I had never seen such detail of the vastness of the range.
Walt Disney Studios has had a monopoly on the animated circuit for decades now.
These real things make a real movie experience.
There have been a few other nature documentaries that also excelled in these categories.
Three production companies were required to make this amazing documentary film.
There are many stunningly beautiful shots in this documentary.
This film should be required viewing in all schools throughout the world.
Without hesitating a 10 out of 10.
EARTH is a must see for children and adults.
My son had great fun watching all these funny birds and ice bears.
There are some animals in danger to disappear.
Exactly that problem should prevent all the authorities of our planet.
This documentary offers many exceptional pictures that I have never seen before.
Then it is well accompanied by a heavenly music.
The director did a great job here that gets high respect.
Nothing can stop me and my family to give EARTH the highest rate.
I hope so much that the stuff will create a sequel.
This movie taught me that we are not only living on the earth.
There is almost no plot in this film.
There was also almost no science in the film at all.
So much for science.
What we saw was pristine.
These are as much Earth as anything else.
We are predators ourselves.
On to the presentation itself.
That repeated about three times.
Much more is revealed and the ending just leaves you begging for more.
This documentary makes you travel all around the globe.
It contains rare and stunning sequels from the wilderness.
It shows you how diversified and how fragile our planet can be.
This documentary is however a simplistic approach of such a serious environmental issue.
It can nonetheless be easily seen by young children since it mainly remains descriptive.
In any case he has a nice enough and calm voice for it.
No blood is shed.
It was the first time I ever cried in a nature film.
The best thing you can do on earth is not miss Earth.
Rather annoying that reviewers keep comparing this to Planet Earth.
But that is not comparing like with like.
All reviewers agree on that.
But as works of art they are not in competition here people.
The Earth is big enough for both.
The camera techniques are varied and spot on from close ups to aerial work.
Eventually it all gets a bit bitty and disjointed.
I loved the way EARTH is made.
Nature simply seems too impressive to comprehend.
This is simply the most astonishing movie you will ever see.
Sometimes both at the same time.
This movie should be shown obligatory in schools.
Kept my attention from start to finish.
Great performances added to this tremendous film.
But it turns out that nothing that he does will really have any effect.
Certainly one that I encourage you to see.
CITY HALL is a somewhat mixed bag.
This series do not seem to be quite as serious as the first one.
This story involves a lot more comedy that the previous.
The actors are the same with some addition to the regular cast.
They are all very good.
Much of the good qualities from the first series are kept intact.
The cinematography is one of those qualities.
Be prepare to see better effect in this sequel that in the first.
Also be prepared to see some more.
All over I would say effects are from OK to good.
The music is also quite good.
Some of it are really touching.
It fits really nice.
All together this makes a good sequel.
It has many of the same qualities as the first series.
These two makes up a series you do not wanna miss.
Here the story became implausible.
As New York Mayor John Pappas in City Hall.
And the power behind power.
or rather who else.
There is just something brilliant about his entire demeanor.
Maybe he was having an off film.
Martin Landau makes a decent cameo as Judge under scrutiny Walter Stern.
A decent movie but unfortunately potential loss.
The film concerns a classic theme.
That is not typical of New York.
That is true in any mayoral office.
Santos and Tito ending up getting shot and killed by each other.
Much is made by everyone of bureaucratic knowledge passed down through the generations.
His advisers tell him he will not be wanted there.
And this is a political thriller as good as they get.
There are no good guys and no bad guys.
There are bad people.
But they come across effectively without crossing the line.
A film like this restores my jaded faith in Hollywood.
I do not award many tens.
It requires actual mental participation on the part of the viewer.
What a nice change.
I WILL say that City Hall requires a whole lot more concentration.
It just so happens to open in New York.
He may come off as annoying if you can not stand this dialect.
Bridget Fonda was good but not memorable.
This was one of the few problems with the film.
but he is very diverse and pretty eccentric.
Both qualities show in this.
The characters are developed further.
and still handing in such a strong performance.
But this does have shortcomings.
the ones the first part had and more.
from which he could see his beloved Sweden.
With an angle from inside the bowl.
I have seen this movie about 6 times now.
Its like watching a train wreck being set in motion.
The story mushrooms and at the end it is reached inside City Hall itself.
But City Hall does not do neither of the above mentioned.
As far as characters go I would say this movie is a solid average.
And there is good acting here.
Documentaries of this kind are often very opinionated.
This film however was mesmerizing.
I wish everyone could see it.
Outstanding and highly recommended.
Need to see more documentaries like this.
Kudos to all of those involved in the making of this film.
10 per hour to do so.
It is simply amazing.
company that imports and sells the beads.
I mean a total discourse on the film viewing experience.
You may wonder how the Marx Brothers come into play.
For the theater goer it is irrelevant.
This is the most fundamental idea of Critical Theory.
I really enjoyed the energetic tone of the narration and the effort of Mr.
And the film list is long.
but these I suspect are baits.
I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Which is not to say that his theories are not provocative.
He stands in front of us and calls himself a pervert.
I guess I will have to research it and let ya know.
Of course the states could have been changed to protect the innocent.
But then a mysterious admirer sets her eyes on Jim.
She constantly harasses Jim through phone calls and letters.
There is a twist at the end.
Trashy but everyone likes trash.
The best film about marriage and family.
The screenplay is wonderful.
This film was a relative blockbuster by domestic Italian standards.
Hope this comment works for you.
The movie it did worked well for me.
I hope it gets distributed as it should.
Congratulations on the cast and director.
Overall the film is OK.
There are a few scenes that makes me touched.
I can say that his acting is almost natural.
I love the song.
I just downloaded the song.
And salute to Yasmin.
We can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way.
The different character was portrayed with eagerness and mild humor.
Its not just about entertainment.
Not even to make out in the cinema.
Rest of the cast do fine.
And these things do not happen in the open.
TB was real too.
At that time my island was not the holiday resort it has become.
After the war there were times of hardship.
Now people strain just to think of new ideas.
For true fans of classic horror.
This is for you.
But it is a terrific movie for as old as it is.
The atmosphere here is what sets it apart.
Those really lower this one a bit.
Strong performances from a stellar cast.
Some haunting moments and images.
The low budget really shows at times.
Watch this one with the lights off.
The first segment is a great kickoff to the film.
The private teacher and nanny Mrs.
This best segment maintains a very creepy atmosphere and a genuinely scary plot.
All four segments have a delightfully macabre sense of humor and a great atmosphere.
Plot contrivance similar to PREMATURE BURIAL.
This segment also lacks the solidity of the first two.
Death and the maiden.
The unifying theme that connects each story is the house itself.
The fourth segment was the silliest and was meant to parody the genre.
Highly recommended to fans of omnibus fright fare.
You will probably be back many more times to watch your favorites.
This movie is another horror anthology.
It has four stories all somewhat connected by a house.
The first tale is about a writer and his wife moving in.
The third story starts out rather good and features Christopher Lee.
It drags a bit leading to a very predictable conclusion.
The actor really gets what he paid for.
I think they needed a bit more back story for that one.
All in all though it was an interesting set of stories.
I will not spoil it for you.
Story three stars one of my very favorites.
Well come to find out.
This episode is striking for its simplicity and stark terror.
The final images presented to us in this story are pretty shocking.
My feelings for them today are just as strong.
I spent many years trying to track down this movie.
The linking story later sees him visiting the estate agent who sold the house.
Lee gives one his perfect ice cold performances here.
He shows no love or attention for his daughter at all.
He even brings in a school governess to educate her.
So he decides to buy an authentic cloak for his latest vampire role.
It truly is hilarious.
The linking story finishes with a loose connection to the final story.
The rest you will be able to work out for yourself.
The movie focuses on a house that strangely accommodates whomever lives there.
You read that right.
A very cool movie.
Film is designed to affect the audience and this film left me speechless.
The story is sweeping.
Supporting players are excellently cast and lend a real sense of authenticity.
I absolutely love the photography.
Some spooky moments and the twist at the end was good.
A very good and unusual movie score too.
All in all a good little horror anthology well worth seeking out.
Horror omnibus films were popular in the seventies.
This story stars the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotective father.
The beauty of this story comes from the way it is played out.
Go in expecting quality entertainment and you will not be disappointed.
George Bernard Shaw is my favorite playwright.
That is how this picture is to be enjoyed.
The innocent have always had to suffer for the ambitions of the mighty.
John Gielgud performed outstandingly.
He is the English politico who is orchestrating the show.
knowing such an action guarantees immortality.
This is one of his very best and most effective films.
Preminger does none of this.
Its hard to imagine her really carrying out anything as gruesome as an autopsy.
Diagnosis Murder is one of the only programs i watch regularly on TV now.
People are expected to suffer.
This is one of those movies.
And a great movie it is.
Mark Sloan a Doctor at Community General Hospital in L.
A who is also a Police consultant for the L.
Along for the ride is Dr.
Jack Stewart was replaced by the younger Dr.
I remember the early days.
So just for suggesting it I was awarded.
Dick had a terrific sense of modernism when he built that house.
Now it is gone TV is a worse place.
The movie takes place in a little Swedish town where everybody knows each other.
I saw this at the Mill Valley Film Festival.
Hard to believe this is Ms.
I really hope this gets distribution in the USA.
Later we meet three of these children again as adults at a sanatorium.
Here we see what life has wrought on each of them.
One is a reclusive sexually repressed patient.
Another man is a hustler who has become ill.
This film is an allegory about the effect of violence on the psyche.
The acting is excellent and the script is quite well written.
There is a musical score that provides an undercurrent of dread throughout this film.
This is an incredible film.
I can not remember the last time I saw a Swedish movie this layered.
Or at least do not realize how close they are.
The writing is also very appealing.
I can not wait for her next one.
Would appreciate any help anyone can give me on this.
Thanks very much in advance for your assistance.
I still have the tape and enjoy watching it again from time to time.
Suzy Kendall will hold your interest throughout.
Has not been shown on American TV for a decade.
One scene that has always stayed with me is the German cavalry gas attack.
You will find others.
Hope they soon put it on tape.
There must be some commercial or copyright reason why this movie is not available.
I too recall the poison gas attack and the weirdly garbed horses.
And I think I have to try to catch more movies with Suzy Kendall.
We first meet three boys that are playing happily.
Not everything is what it seems.
He seems to be suffering from tuberculosis.
Their relationship will have devastating consequences.
You will not be disappointed.
I saw this film by chance on the small box.
It has a fantastic and chilling scene about poisonous gas.
A lot about fanatical patriotism.
A bit of eroticism.
The Germans move forward slowly menacingly in their scary looking garb.
Suddenly a scream from the defenders.
This gas is like no other that they have experienced before.
I only wish I had taped the film.
This is for many reasons.
The music is probably what makes this episode work so well.
That made me cringe.
7 Out of 10.
In Spanish with English subtitles.
Nine stars should give it enough credit.
I really enjoyed this episode.
This is the thrill i got from watching this episode.
It sort of lost its touch when the show started focusing on Lana.
This episode is incredible.
I loved this episode.
Chloe is mysteriously saved from Dr.
My vote is ten.
Joining Sanders in the cast are Wendy Barrie and Jonathan Hale.
Not a bad Saint movie.
Shortly after he tries to protect her from the police.
There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery.
It will entertain you even if it does not remain in your memory.
These shows include Mr.
That would be great.
There should be more episodes made about Human Kimberly.
He is on some places to uncooked to be good to see.
But thats is in German films always so.
Thats difficult to understand.
Thats not clear for the other girl Nina in this film.
But Nina lost everything.
She will play with soft emotion and a sad feeling.
Thats so often the way it goes in German films.
This films tries not on every place to gave her a part inside.
But the film stand always in some distance to seem.
There is no much explaining of them.
The two girls got to a casting.
And there they should say how they find together.
In this scene Toni will lying on.
And then Nina will say the truth.
She said it in an introversion way.
There is no exhibition in it.
She looks to the bottom and said what will happened for here.
Thats a great moment.
And the humor is all done in some style of Earthworm Jim.
which i think has absolutely failed.
the scenes in the back really got to my heart.
she is one of the most impressing actress i have ever seen.
in future i will watch more of her movies.
This was a wonderful film.
How these women tried to save their husbands.
I thought that the performances of the actors were great.
I had to think about the film for a very long time.
I wish I could be so strong as a woman.
We should remember something like the war forever.
But rank and privilege merit no special consideration.
Fortunately the eight year old daughter Ruth escapes capture.
Of course the family in New York could be speaking German.
So that criticism is unwarranted.
To say more would spoil the experience.
Most disappointing is the end.
Goebbels motivation in backing down was not explored.
This is referred to in the film.
I understand the majority survived the war.
The details are given in an addendum that follows this review.
Hannah easily persuades the woman to tell her story.
It all seems rather too pat.
The story of the protest is told simply.
It is too long.
You keep waiting for some vicious attack to begin any minute.
The somberness of the film stayed with me afterward.
But they were mistaken.
The women won an astonishing victory over the forces of destruction.
That it works so well is a tribute to Ms.
It is tragic that the example did not catch on.
Those days were simply not discussed.
The roundup is shown here in all its frightening intensity.
The young Lena tries to locate her husband.
Through increasingly angry protestations the women finally prevail.
The main actors are uniformly impressive.
But that is understandable.
Unfortunately that argument is nonsense.
I wanna see the season 4 episodes badly.
I am happy about every information I can get.
I love this show.
Holly goes to live with Val when their dad is transferred to Japan.
This film is not about the obvious.
I just recently started watching the show and have fell in love.
All the characters in the show give something to the whole story line.
I really enjoy it.
But that is what made the show so great.
The show is about two sisters living together.
And the show is also about friendship.
The priorities in life.
I loved this show so much.
It is funny and the actors are so good.
I am really sad that the show is over.
Jenny Garth may be new to comedy but she plays really well.
She is one of the actresses i like watching.
Gary is a natural talent and makes you laugh each time he shows up.
With Tina Holly found a real friend and i really like them hanging out.
Lauren character is so funny and she is a natural talent.
I would like to see her more.
This show really takes you in and makes you laugh.
A family film in every sense and one that deserves the praise it received.
8 out of 10.
The film is great on many levels.
4 out of 10.
This was just another marvelous film of the Berlin Festival.
There is no Marie in this world to accompany our lonely lives.
Both characters are smart.
I assume no one took the time to rethink the script.
This is not a bad film.
It has a few funny moments.
It is quite a simple not very active but very charming film.
The casting alone makes it a nearly perfect movie.
The casting alone makes it a nearly perfect movie.
I'm glad Cher won an Oscar for that movie.
I miss these scenes.
It also beautifully involves older characters.
Cage and Cher do very nice work.
Loretta confronts Ronny and quickly falls in love with him.
I really liked it the second time.
I loved it the third time.
Now it is one of my all time favorites.
The humor is subtle but really good.
The film offers a lot of warmth humor.
the story takes place in a old school Italian neighborhood in NYC.
The old man character is fantastic.
He lights up the screen without saying a word.
The scene with his dogs howling at the moon was fantastic.
Exceptional direction and wrap up.
Creative story line with a very talented cast.
Is infidelity by men a way of avoiding thoughts of death.
There are lovely little moments in the film too.
Her hearing the argument in the liquor shop and it is resolution.
It is the sweetest moment of the entire film.
It is close to a flawless film.
Yet nothing seems done with this potential rivalry.
This film stands head and shoulders above the vast majority of cinematic romantic comedies.
This movie is still an all time favorite.
She is one of the most unique artists out there.
I never get tired of watching this movie.
She was more conventional than her own mom.
She would probably end up making an awesome mom too.
There is nothing not to like about Moonstruck.
they were all fantastic.
New York has never looked so good on the screen.
Of course they fall instantly for each other.
She won and really deserved the Oscar that year.
This movie is brilliant in every way.
This silly movie is really fun for the younger audiences.
everything adolescents go for.
Definite cult classic potential.
Disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well.
50 years from now.
and even vilified by future viewers.
Bing Crosby reportedly hated it when he was used on more than one occasion.
This is bar none the most hilarious movie I have ever seen.
I own 2 copies of this movie on video.
Some really Funny Funny stuff.
The Actors and Music rocked.
The humor in the film itself is pure MAD magazine.
I do not see why MAD stand behind this feature.
I own the soundtrack and I play it constantly to this day.
This movie has it all.
I put in the top 15 funniest movies.
Great soundtrack keeps the film moving.
I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E.
Surely there are many worse movies to be associated with.
It does get better with every viewing.
I agree with all of the positive reviews here.
I found myself doing commentary as I watched it.
Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast.
Also a star is the stark Montana prairie.
It is both beautiful and brutal country in which to settle.
There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary.
Reality is slaughtering pigs and other livestock in order to survive.
It was also nice to see the west inhabited by real people.
I saw this 25 years ago on PBS.
It was very difficult to watch.
To watch this small family struggle in the winter was heart rending.
Both were widowed and together they worked to build a new home.
That only makes the tragedy extra sad.
I was crying so hard.
But then they went out and successfully pulled out a new calf.
Torn and Ms Farrel do an outstanding job.
Great unheard of movie.
It was done when Ms.
Farrel was very young.
Torn as always is a great presence and just his breathing has great feeling.
I must see movie.
None of them came as close to telling the story as this movie does.
This western is done in a different manner than most others.
Realism is the key here.
How this is presented makes for a most interesting slice of Americana.
Outstanding acting by both principal actors.
you feel like you are there.
Animal activists should beware.
many scenes are obviously not just realistic.
This is one of the best films ever made.
The film keeps your interest without the added Hollywood myths.
This film is worth your time to see.
It improves with age.
No one declaims any Hollywood movie speeches.
The actors really inhabit their roles.
The film is based on the lives of real people.
She advertises for a position as housekeeper.
The three characters go for long periods without seeing another human soul.
Their son is still an infant when he gets sick and dies.
They lose half their livestock to the vicious winter.
Clyde calls Elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf.
He and Elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal.
This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness.
Probably enough to hurt your stomach.
Take the time and check this out.
Well worth a two hour viewing.
I watched the presentation of this on PBS in the U.
Today I found this web site.
I will give up the search.
I would however disagree with the above comment.
This whole storyline is cloth.
The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story.
Spoken in Spanish with English subtitles.
The film features sumptuous costuming and sets and a good cast and acting.
A good film for those interested in renaissance painting or period films.
Though not really an art house film.
It does provide a little emotionally charged scenes from time to time.
I have two complaints.
The voice you hear whispering from time to time is not explained.
That led to a conclusion that differs from the record.
Seldom have I seen a movie that so compelled my eyes.
So I set out exploring her life and work afterwards.
Overall i thought this film was fantastic.
Highly recommended to those who has not seen one in a while.
The camera work is principally indoors for that is where the artists mainly worked.
There are some great shots.
Her father is outraged.
This romantic drama has a fairly simple story with an unsatisfactory ending.
The outstanding feature of the film is its artistic presentation and attention to detail.
The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending.
that this film was never made to be historically accurate.
She is a gorgeous creature who awakened passion in men.
The music by Krishna Levy serves well what we see.
It had one or more famous celebrities in the middle of it.
It was number 52 on The 100 Greatest Funny Moments.
George Hilton portrays Peter Lynch.
a dangerous turn of events.
It has both the English and Italian language options which is a real bonus.
This applies to both the movie and the documentary in the extras.
The film works on many different levels.
Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely ravishing in the female lead.
Gable and Crawford made a great team.
The less you know about the story the better to make it work.
He was a brave man.
The plot has a very clever twist that has be seen to be enjoyed.
This is a movie with heart and excellent acting by all.
Make some popcorn and have a great evening.
This movie is just plain silly.
This movie is funny and suitable for any age.
Anderson playing the very young Halloween carnivorous duck has just great lines.
But subtle and enjoyable it is.
The movie kept me laughing despite having seen a few times.
The special effects are surprisingly good for this film.
I had to write this review.
Do not dismiss this film as trash.
This is cult stuff.
My friends and I get together once a year to enjoy this movie.
Its very funny and very dry .
A great play on War of the Worlds.
She had never attempted a role like that before and critics were impressed.
This film starts out with a spectacular house boat party.
Rodney also surprises her with the news that he also has a job.
This is a super film with Crawford and Gable giving it their all.
i loved this movie.
you have to respect midgets that dressed up like tiny Martians.
i used to watch this over and over again when i was 8.
If you have trouble dreaming you may give this movie a low rating.
The point is to suspend reality and just have FUN.
And this movie has Fun aplenty.
Wish I had one when I was growing up.
I do not know how anyone could hate this movie.
It is so funny.
It took a unique mind to come up with this storyline.
These aliens are so stupid and confused.
You need to rent it at least once.
This movie is not for everyone.
I recommend this movie for those who can appreciate spoofs and parodies.
Everyone I have recommended this film to has enjoyed it.
The audience laughed its heads off.
Ariana Richards and J.
Anderson are great as the lead kids.
Take a look at the Martian costumes next time.
Fun for the whole family.
Great to see him playing something different.
Each episode was a new short story.
I would suggest watching the series if it is available.
So it has to get draggy.
Even the nasal singing sensations songs could not make up.
But personally I feel this is a pathetic copy.
Rest star cast was simply okay.
The ending of the movie is very different from most movies.
It is not clear if she has similar feelings for him or not.
Watch the movie for complete details.
I look forward to seeing more movies from him.
A must see I will rate it 8.
The way Delhi is shown is very good and gives a fresh feeling.
Other actors did their job well.
5 stars out of 5.
Griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two ways.
First is his use of space.
The Sealed Room contains a good example of what I mean.
This early Biograph short was so much fun to watch.
The second on disc one of D.
The best moment comes at the end.
Johnson as the Count.
I give this movie a well deserved ten.
Not even Sir Alec.
The Wooden Horse is one of the quietest films I have ever watched.
It is utterly of its time and works beautifully.
They keep emotion out of their roles.
This unemotional approach does not detract from any dramatic tension.
I saw this movie on Comedy Central a few times.
This movie was pretty good.
can get an army base there to balance power in the Middle East.
It gave me great political spirit.
Ten out of ten was my rating for this movie.
It is truly a slice of life.
Photographic stills resemble Rembrandt prints.
Sometimes subtle dialog and hidden literate touches found throughout.
I just saw this movie for the first time ever and I liked it.
Her dancing was very entertaining.
The scenery was great too.
Yvonne is such a talented woman and beautiful.
I am slowly purchasing all her movies and watching them as I receive them.
I have a large collection of her memorabilia.
She did escape to the American west.
To hate this movie is to hate freedom itself.
His triumph is an inspiration to all.
I love old Burt Reynolds movies.
They are funnier and better than every other movie combined.
This is a hilarious film.
You can see many race cars from 1983.
This is sort of a Mr.
It made me laugh and made me mad at the same time.
And the speech she made at the end.
Too bad not many people have guts like that in real life.
This is a dramatic film in the whole sense of the word.
Sure it has some extremes.
but every now and then real life sorrow surpasses art.
But after watching this I felt astonished.
The movies is great without a big try.
The problem is that he is not one of these people.
It is disarmingly friendly and lively.
It refreshes the mind.
This serial is unjustly bashed.
This movie was one of the best movies that I have seen this year.
It actually has a point.
From the very beginning I was so excited to see this movie.
The poster is possibly the funniest I have ever seen for a movie.
I immediately bought one for my dorm this September.
Every element came together in this movie so beautifully.
This is what makes a movie easy to remember fondly.
And they are funny.
She charms the national press with her zany remarks and her sweet looks.
She even grabs the romantic attention of a State department official.
Sunny learns her way around the jungle of the U.
I was very pleasantly surprised with this film.
One of the biggest surprises and one of the best comedies of the year.
To put him out of his misery and get him laid.
This is a sex comedy and it wants to be bad.
For the most part I think it succeeded.
This man has talent it The 40 Year Old Virgin proves that.
The comedic parts were great to see from actors not very big or popular.
As you can see people do like this movie it is currently rated 7.
i think it should be in 250.
see it if you want a laugh.
This movie is a riot.
But this one is wall to wall great lines.
Other than that it is a constant barrage of one liners and goofy situations.
You have to see it two or three times to get it all in.
All the characters are great.
No victims in this movie.
Catherine Keener plays her and she is a sweetheart in this film.
You just wish that women like her really existed.
They do not give away all the good jokes.
Just some of the mediocre ones.
Oh and one more thing.
I hope critics put this on their top ten list.
We care about him.
His neurotic traits combine the best of Woody Allen with childish naivety.
His friends are not unlikable jerks and his romance is tumultuous and bittersweet.
It strikes a chord with the audience.
I was really surprised with this movie.
I dare you to see this film and to not laugh.
The plot is simple.
A man is forty years old and he is a virgin.
Watch one of the brightest ones of the summer right now.
My mom would have walked out during the first scene.
I'm not a big fan of excessive profanity and sex jokes.
But that is me.
Be that your guide.
this is one of the funnier films i have seen.
but the simple truth was that he wanted to be in love first.
Both have some sort of formula to the stories as well.
This is one of the funniest films of the year.
What a great surprise.
I laughed so hard I cried at some of the jokes.
My girlfriend and I both loved it.
Everyone pulls their weight and the chemistry is perfect.
I would highly recommend.
I had tears in my eyes from laughter throughout a lot of the movie.
He proves in this movie his tremendous talent for comedy.
And Catherine Keener is excellent as always.
There were parts of comedic genius in this movie.
Just came out of a sneak preview for this film.
It had me laughing every 30 secs.
Paul Rudd is hilarious as always.
Leslie Mann also had some incredibly funny moments.
I highly recommend it for those who just want to laugh like a maniac.
It would make for some incredibly awkward moments.
This movie was okay.
These two should have had a lot more time on screen together.
They are chemistry was great.
A class act but underrated and forgotten.
This is a crying shame.
Most notable were the unforgettable titles.
A fond memory from my childhood.
I often wonder why this series was slammed so much.
I thought it was brilliant and also very cleverly written and performed.
If it is ever issued I will certainly buy it.
In a final note it is obvious that this production was no small feat.
This is the art of film at its best.
Astounding color and fast energy.
I hope they make a sequel.
That would be fun.
My only problem with it is the performance of Melissa Connor as Anya.
I do not what the director was thinking when he cast her.
Sure it skims over political issues.
I tend to differ on this point.
She has always made me laugh cheerfully and innocently.
She has never tried to be anything else but who she is.
If it even comes that late.
I was shocked by the fight sequences they were great.
This was true brilliance.
I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
here comes the Romeo Division to change the paradigm.
Let me just say that I was BLOWN AWAY by this short film.
I have watched this movie three times.
Perhaps the plot is not intended to hang together logically.
I must have missed something significant here.
She always had a falling out with her men and she rejected them.
This pattern held with Harris and two husbands.
None of this communication appeared on the film.
I kept wondering about the house Ann was living in during her final days.
The seaside mansion was just so heartbreakingly beautiful.
Claire Danes was luminous as the young Ann Grant.
She is really quite a talented singer.
Judge this film on your own.
Evening is an entertaining movie with quite some depth.
All the actors and actresses turn in spectacular performances.
One can relate to personalities and situations in ones own family.
This is one of the few movies that inspires one to read the book.
I will definitely obtain a copy of the Susan Minot book and read it.
Any car buff will enjoy the apparently expertly restored period automobiles.
See it you will enjoy it.
Ann Grant Lord is dying.
Her two daughters arrive to be at her bedside.
Her performance is not easily forgettable.
She is very good.
His performance is superior.
I can not recommend Evening too much.
Here are some remarks.
Vanessa Redgrave is great even while lying in bed.
I think her aging got a bit harsh in recent years.
Claire Danes continues her welcome return to the movies and exudes a definite warmth.
Their interplay is weak.
Toni Collette additionally is way too old for her character.
The cinematography is excellent as expected.
However the main summer house set failed to convince me.
A bit too cardboard like.
It is a vehicle to show that there are no mistakes in life.
The story itself is nicely told and very obviously adapted from literature.
It is the acting that makes the flashbacks so enthralling and fluid.
Patrick Wilson is always great in whatever I have seen him in.
My vote is seven.
Everything was just so perfect and excellent about this film.
I loved the message that there are no mistakes.
I saw this movie Sunday afternoon.
I absolutely loved this movie.
I loved these moments because they were just so real.
But during the middle of the movie i felt completely different.
Individual tunes are woven into a symphony.
Evening is the beautiful story of the flawed love of a mother.
The cast is glowing in Evening.
There is a great deal of infighting between Nina and her sister Constance.
Their fights remind me of ones I have with my sister all the time.
Her character is stuck between her heart and her status in society.
I can not wait to see her act in something else in the future.
I was constantly amazed.
Patrick Wilson is mesmerizing as Harris.
Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie.
It is terrible and jaw dropping grief.
I was utterly stunned.
The one acting disappointment was Natasha Richardson.
The visuals of the movie are sparkling.
The visual concepts of the flash back sequences are powerful and resonating.
Evening is a powerful movie.
Evening is defiantly a chick flick but a really great chick flick.
I caught Evening in the cinema with a lady friend.
I feel disloyal to Ms.
I think that Ms.
We would not have The Hours if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs.
But it is too much to say that it would be better if Ms.
I'm 14 years old and I love this cartoon.
This movie is really funny and I love the songs.
Other characters like King Gator I found really funny.
He is then given a crash course in the horrible realities of war.
Same goes for the endearing relationship between Alfred and Bernie.
The characters are just that engaging enough to carry the whole show.
A truly moving little story that deserves more credit than it is being given.
He is also outside of traditional gender relations.
I had a crush on a cartoon dog.
I saw this film when it was originally released in 1989.
A film worth experiencing.
You could tell Charlie was all gruff and stuff and the backgrounds were beautiful.
Gambling is a key element in the movie.
The good guy dies.
It was set in New Orleans in 1939.
Charlie tries to make up for it by buying her dresses.
Charlie loses everything and all he has left is this little girl.
In the end he had to choose between her life and his own.
very touching and I gotta go.
It just sounds weird.
Dogs Are So Cute As Little Mice.
All Dogs Go To Heaven Is The Best Animated Movie Ever.
This OVA is kinda the opposite.
This movie did a fantastic job of that.
I love All Dogs Go to Heaven even though I'm a guy.
This is one of the greatest movies ever maybe even the greatest movie ever.
I had forgotten about the movie for about 12 years.
Which I Believe makes the movie from good to great.
This is definitely a must see for people of all ages.
I saw it in 1989 when I was two years old.
I love the songs in this movie.
Those are beautiful songs.
The only thing that bothers me about the movie is Charlie dieing.
Other than that this movie is wonderful.
They are so cute.
Overall I love this movie and suggest everyone should see it.
That depends on the kid.
At the time most animated movies were a little too childish for my tastes.
All Dogs Go to Heaven plays on the canine criminal underworld.
This is a cute animation loved very much through my eyes as a child.
I would highly recommend this film to children.
I'm unsure about how adults would react to it.
I still love this movie even at the age of 22.
In that picture he appeared quite dubious to his role of villain.
Itchy is his sidekick.
It is set during the prohibition in the United States.
The backgrounds are good too.
I would rate it more of a drama than action.
Sometimes you have to lose to win.
The movie is filled with fun songs and music.
The animation is brilliant and the character voices are perfect.
Recommended for the whole family.
I'm 22 years old and the ending still gets to me.
Not to mention that it is just so cute and touching.
All Dogs Go To Heaven is a movie that I have always liked.
This is good and your kids will probably like it.
The movie itself is fun and smart.
It gets 10 simply because it made me feel.
I loved this film when I was little.
Today at 17 it is one of my all time favorite animated films.
but eventually will win you over.
Not a kiddie film by any means.
Often very dark and frightening at times.
But do keep a tissue in handy.
I first saw it when I was like 3.
If only I could go back to those days.
I love the characters.
What a fun movie St.
Richard Grant provides comic relief of the highest order.
He spends his days daydreaming about Mobile Suits and playing war with his friends.
The acting is splendid.
Miranda Richardson and Richard E.
The fundamental difference is the Story and the Director.
His stunt scenes are clearly outstanding.
This is movie is very touching.
The direction is very good.
What a outstanding movie is this i have not words to describe.
i do not know how come the rating of the movie is 7.
3 it should be 9.
but i know the people has deferent chooses so ya.
But it is one for the masses.
Simply great movie no doubt about it.
But the message and concept this movie carries are absolutely superb.
The story is simplistic while the uncomplicated screenplay has a very elementary approach.
An excellent movie about two cops loving the same woman.
Young Peggy arrives in Hollywood seeking stardom.
Great screenplay and some of the best actors the world has ever produced.
But his superior knows that he usually works alone.
Its much more personal and people can relate to it.
Her sombre clothes and empty and cold house convey her inside emotions very well.
Lets see where her character venture to.
The chick can act.
Most of the characters are hell bent on cutting metaphorical chunks off themselves.
So no chance of a baby there then.
No you do not.
Jessica is an experimental lesbian.
I thought script writers were supposed to earn their living.
I trust they learn one lesson though.
So I score 7.
This if played right could be the next Cold feet.
Plus the male cast are not bad on the eyes too.
This shows us a reality of life.
The movie concept is more that interesting.
connecting the storytelling with real life events.
keeping us aware of everything.
Some of the movie was shot aboard the U.
Fisher is an obviously bright enlisted man assigned to the U.
Sent to the M.
Nor is it truly a film about blacks.
It deserves wide distribution.
Derek Luke may well get an Oscar nomination.
Good old Hollywood style entertainment family values entertainment with just a hint of corn.
My introduction to Ms.
My introduction to Mr.
This is my favorite movie EVER.
I have watched it at least 10 times and I cry every time.
But this is my favorite movie he has done so far.
I took care of a little boy who was also born in jail.
He was the most precious little boy I had ever met.
This young actor has a very bright future.
See it opening weekend.
You will not be disappointed.
But I'm a sucker for those so I gave it a good score.
the acting was very good and there were a lot of feeling.
The violence is kept to a minimal which makes a change.
That is what makes good cinema.
I can say that it is the best film I have seen all year.
This movie was incredible.
If the academy overlooks this film it will be travesty.
The acting job by Derek Luke was outstanding and the story line was excellent.
Only superficial viewing can condemn this film as superficial.
What makes this film good is the fact that it is not overly melodramatic.
Get ready to shed a tear or two.
The movie could thaw the coldest heart.
There were many scenes which I enjoyed watching.
All the actors represented their parts well.
He had a strong presence in this movie.
The chemistry flowed well between the romantic characters.
Novella Nelson who played the part of Mrs.
What an awesome movie and incredible young man.
I defy anyone not to shed a tear by the end of the movie.
Whats more is that this is a true story.
There is not much more to say about this movie it is excellent.
There are some wonderful things about this movie.
I guess it is really hard to be discriminated.
It is very good.
I cried for almost a day after I saw this the first time.
BUT another set of parents picked me up and loved me.
And it helped me to realize just how messed up our social system is.
The film has a very professional look.
It shows that Mr.
Washington has learned a lot being on the other side of the camera.
He brings a different angle to this film.
The abuse he suffers at the hands of Mrs.
The lead performances are very good indeed.
Davenport has his own problems too.
He is not a happy camper either.
The talent in the film is incredible.
Joy Bryant makes a fine Cheryl.
My vote is eight.
There are so many out there.
A stunning film of high quality.
He is on the brink of being a loser.
Outstanding performances from the whole cast.
The story is in effect a family tragedy with emotional and physical torment.
All the actors give full blooded performances with conviction and realism.
One message from the movie is the importance of raising children decently.
10 out of 10.
Talk about deserving an Oscar.
Written and directed by Steve Gordon.
It was the quintessential comedy of the decade.
It won Sir John Gielgud the Academy Award.
It also looks at its characters with sincere empathy.
But I saw it for like the second time about 7 years ago.
My sister told me I had to see it.
Now my whole family has it memorized.
We quote it at least once a day.
I still laugh after all this time.
And that he is willing to give it all up for love.
A lot of laughs.
It will make you laugh for years to come.
A treasure of a film.
This film is very witty film that relies hugely on the actors talent.
Worth seeing many times.
but with a modern touch.
He is also wistful and real.
some of us drink because we are not poets.
The score is also extremely memorable and compliments the film perfectly.
The only real problem with the film is the ill fated sequel it spawned.
This comedy is a good lesson for life for anyone.
Rich people are not usually happy with their ways of life.
This is one of my favorite comedies ever.
The ladies of the piece are also well portrayed.
This has been one of my favorite movies for a long time.
Arthur does what he feels like and says whatever comes into his mind.
He spends money on people he do not know and finds everything funny.
This is a damn funny film.
Its very corny at times.
There are so many fantastic one liners in the film.
Its not a laugh riot but it has some fantastic moments.
He is very good with words and body language.
John Gielgud got an Oscar for this film.
I do not know that actor.
Movie has some flat patches but not very long ones.
looking forward to watch the sequel.
That is not the way I wish to be remembered.
We have most lines memorized.
This movie makes me just enjoy watching movies.
Show People is a perfect introduction to silent films.
Some of the lines in this movie are just unbeatable.
It went down just like I would imagined it would be like.
They were all laughing so hard it was difficult for them to film it.
The late Sir John Gielgud was a wonderful addition to this.
There should be a dozen movies like this in our archive.
This is a truly splendid movie.
He invariably steals any scene in which he features and thoroughly deserved his Oscar.
Hollywood seemed to loose interest in cuddly Dudley after these two outings.
We can only imagine the other great movies he should have made.
Arthur is a truly enchanting romantic comedy for for everyone.
Sir John Gielgud was the heart of the film and deserved his Oscar.
John Gielgud gets all the juicy lines and polishes them off with relish.
Arthur has always been a personal film for me for two reasons.
Frank was a champion equestrian and will be missed by all who knew him.
The wonder with Arthur is why anyone would bother with him wealth of not.
But that is the other half of the equation.
My friend was a most charming person when you got to know him.
In fact it was almost a compulsion to be charming.
He spent his life being a perfect party guest.
Unlike my friend Moore has John Gielgud to clean up after him.
We should all have such troubles.
Yet 1981 was a year of sentiment at Oscar time.
4 out of 10 possible.
I found so many similarities between Dudley Moore and Keith Moon in this movie.
We often try to catch a rerun of this movie on satellite.
The close friendship between Moore and Sir John is rather endearing.
Arthur is an interesting fellow.
She had excellent comic instincts and timing.
He gets Peggy an acting job.
Over time they become romantically involved.
A good film all round.
It really is a great song about New York City as well.
Jill would later star on LA Law.
She plays a diner waitress.
One of the true romantic comedy classics from the 20th century.
This one also gets a solid ten on the voting scale.
He also refuses to leave the bottle.
There are hilarious set pieces aplenty.
You could feel how raw the emotions were during those incredibly hard episodes.
This show is beautifully done.
That is what I think.
I love having C.
and Grandpa living at the house because they are so funny together.
It is too bad that no more are being made.
My favorite character must be Rory.
poor Rory is almost always left out.
It is always about Bridget or Carrie.
I almost guarantee you will laugh.
This family is so real and funny.
But generally a very funny show with lots of laughs and fun.
I was gutted to find out that he had died when i browsed Google.
Eight Simple rules started as a very entertaining series.
J is unnecessary to the show.
This show is awesome.
I loved it when Kerry made sarcastic remarks about everything.
I always laughed at that.
This was a marvelously funny comedy with a great cast.
James Garner was a good addition.
It could have lasted longer had Ritter lived.
I especially loved it when they brought in Ed O'Neill in a guest spot.
The show changed somewhat after Mr.
My personal favorite episode is in the last season.
I recommend this to any fan of those who made it.
That in itself makes Show People a film worth saving.
How Rory punches a wall in anger and frustration.
How Cate deals with having to sleep in her bed all alone.
who is absolutely hilarious as the wild cousin.
Katey and the three kids are really a solid professional cast.
This show has matured and developed because of such impossible circumstances.
You will enjoy it.
8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter had an auspicious start.
Each one was a standout.
We viewers gave him the respect and love he never had.
Cate is the conservative mom and loving wife.
Those characters were the main ones at the time of John Ritter.
This was the first time that I saw him do anything.
His performance was very impressive.
I still shiver just remembering it.
Suffice it to say that it is something you will NEVER forget.
it should never have ended but still love watching the repeats everyday.
More so than any show that old.
I think it was televised on Sat.
That is the one show that I wish I could see again.
I recently had the pleasure of seeing The Big Bad Swim at the Ft.
But this masterful film proved me wrong.
You will probably even laugh more than you would at most talkie comedies.
I hope it will be released soon so everyone can see it.
This is a terrific work deserving of a larger audience.
The plot is fairly thin.
The two actresses give natural performances and work well together.
The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip.
What surprised me about the film was how real it felt.
Rarely in ensemble pieces are characters treated so well.
See it if you get the opportunity.
Writing something genuine and true is challenging.
but giving something to see is better.
I was never bored.
I never stepped out of the story on the screen.
I'm sure this will have wide appeal and should be given a chance.
What a shame so much has been lost.
I was really impressed with this film.
I consider myself a huge movie buff.
I was sick on the couch and popped in this film.
The filming was beautiful.
It was just what I needed.
I hope that this message is heard over any bad comments written by others.
The Director has a heart and it beats with his actors throughout.
There is nothing typically independent about this film.
This is one of those films.
I felt like my adrenaline had kicked in.
She makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend.
I can not say enough nice things about The Big Bad Swim.
I look forward to future projects from all of those involved in its production.
The students characters are mainstream U.
This final Voyager episode begins 23 years in the future.
Voyager has made it back home.
He carried a disease they were too late getting home to cure.
The Conduit is deep inside Borg Space.
This is a great ending to the show.
The fact that Adm.
was a great way to show a new beginning.
Voyager could have continued.
Harry was annoying at times but a okay character at other times.
Plenty of cameos for film buffs.
Then she goes to her friend and starts selling drugs.
She is much better suited to drama than to comedy.
The script is well done as is the cinematography and direction.
Yet it was done so well.
I applaud the director for making this movie.
I thought this movie did a down right good job.
Just the kind of movie I love.
Some very good British actors as well as the one and only Sharon Stone.
Sharon Stone is also an easy target.
And a fun film it is.
Glass is drawn into a seductive game that Trammel uses to manipulate his mind.
Attempts at censorship were vehemently denied.
It also received widespread critical acclaim.
If not always in the right way.
Check out the memorable quotes section for a chuckle.
Davies was adorable and a lively comedienne.
This movie was doomed before it even opened.
Still it is not too bad.
It feels like a retread of the first.
just like people were being killed by an ice pick in the first.
The similarities are too apparent.
The acting is good across the board.
Still I recommend it.
Just came back from the first showing of Basic Instinct 2.
Great story that always keeps you wondering and thinking.
Am thinking about going to see it again this weekend.
The original Basic Instinct takes place in San Francisco.
We start all of our reviews with the following information.
The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO.
Well enough about that.
This movie is very good.
not just good but very good.
The critics are a bunch of morons.
Just because there is nudity and language they hated it.
I can not accept the negative comments of other reviewers.
It still left me wondering at the end but in a more satisfactory way.
I found this movie to be very good in all areas.
a must seen over and over again until the delight fades away.
thank you for reading.
I think there are quite good improvements in the basic plot.
She is not only gorgeous but hilarious in this film.
I never would have thought it to end up such as this.
This is a good thing.
Her second run of the deceitful novelist is right on the spot as earlier.
5 to 9 out of 10.
I have no idea what people are complaining about.
I saw this movie yesterday and I really liked it.
Stone once again delivered a great character.
She was just as good as she was in the first Basic Instinct.
She still has those smart but tricky answers.
Although Sharon may be 48 years old.
She looks good and that is that.
Basic Instinct 2 gives you everything you want from the first.
So do not listen to them.
I do not understand your objections to this movie.
I never trust the opinions of anyone regarding a film.
That goes for critics as well.
Catherine is hers and she plays her to perfection.
I was captivated by her.
Fans of the first movie want to see more of that frosty ice queen.
The score is amazing as well.
I raise my hat to Carol Reed.
And he had to deal with Orson Welles and Oliver Reed .
I suppose quality will out.
Encouraging people to type too much is not to be encouraged.
I really love this movie.
A rod and staff are there to comfort him.
In the middle is Oliver.
The best is Nancy.
Things are not as they seem.
And that kid Jack Wild was a perfect Artful Dodger.
I hated the Oliver Twist kid tho.
He was just too whiny and wimpy for my taste.
The supporting actors were great too.
Bumble role extremely well.
And he has a wonderful singing voice.
And the continuity kept you moving right along with the characters.
And this one is indeed a rare find.
Our combined rating for this was 8.
Movies do not get much better than this.
Please do not miss this one.
even if you normally do not like musicals.
It really is a rare treat.
The musical numbers are all memorable.
All of the main roles were beautifully cast.
As a child I always hated being forced to sit through musicals.
I always thought Dickens would translate well in those regards.
I saw this recently on a cable channel.
even the shabby ones.
The two young lads who play Oliver and The Artful Dodger are wonderfully talented.
The dancing is cleverly choreographed and is mesmerizing.
A film for the entire family.
A Victorian Bull Terrier had a record amount of kills in a rat pit.
In other versions you hate him from start to finish.
Oliver Reed was masterful.
His wife directed this masterpiece.
The music fits the times and the mood.
The subtle things in this film are the ones that make me laugh.
I love the moment Mr.
Bumble start coming out at the beginning from the governors office.
The underscore for that moment is brilliant.
They should have just done regular choreography for these scenes.
Fagin and the Dodger are the real stars of this movie.
The story is about having success in life and the way it changes you.
The great cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970.
He makes the long journey to London where he hopes to seek his fortune.
if you decide to see this film.
He could not understand this.
He left thinking about what she said.
Oliver Twist was published in several editions.
Dickens tried to improve on Fagin a bit.
Then he got an idea.
He also added some additional details.
He let his female friend know about his resolve to change Fagin.
She looked at him as though he was crazy.
then I was right about that.
Instead the lady looked confused.
The landlord figures that Mr.
He is a very good man.
If Fagin saw Mr.
OLIVER won it in 1968.
She then goes on a road trip with three male companions and kills again.
He could be serious and hilarious in the same sentence.
And it is the comedy that is so often missing from his interpretations.
And then there is crime.
All of the most memorable elements are included.
Mark Lester mimes his wonderfully.
I could go on.
Soak it up with your Christmas dinner.
It all just seems perfect.
The transition from musical to movie musical is not an easy one.
All signs point to yes for this play.
I have seen hundreds of silent movies.
There are also small stories going on with the teachers of the school.
Oliver Reed and Ron Moody were brilliant.
I can not imagine anyone else playing Bill Sykes or Fagin.
His charming musical then became a hit in New York and throughout the world.
The sets and musical numbers are mind boggling.
I found that movie to be quite misogynistic.
But they just slap Sheryl Lee around way too much.
Catch it on cable if you can.
It is generally enjoyable and ranks among the better entries to the genre.
It simply could have used a bit more excitement.
SPOILER WARNING The ending was way too predictable.
There are different elements which make it a fresh movie with a similar theme.
If you like vampire movies I would recommend this one.
If you prefer your films less bloody then choose something else.
Almost too well done.
And even the optical effects supporting her kind of movement are very well made.
It really takes some beating.
He can act well and that is come to be expected of him.
I generally would not watch a horror movie.
It reaches a happy medium with the effects and story balancing each other.
There were some bad things about this movie.
i liked how it was old Mexico and not new Mexico.
with the clay houses and the old fashion churches.
I was quite surprised at how this played out.
Updated from a previous comment.
A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretensions.
Polly Moran is a maid.
Davies and Swanson were friends.
Odd that MGM never teamed them up in a talkie.
Greta Garbo and Bebe Daniels are mentioned but do not appear.
I thought this movie was pretty good.
Jack Haley is also really good as Mike O'Brien.
Great music and some funny bits.
Yet it yielded one of their bigger hits It Never Entered My Mind.
Only Michele starts looking at another.
Not a bad bunch at all.
Bing Crosby recorded songs from his film Dixie in the same manner for Decca.
The strike provided some anxious moments for Sinatra.
He had just left the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra when the strike was called.
Fortunately Higher and Higher was received well a legend was launched.
But he outdoes himself here as Arthur.
And I love it.
And I love him.
Then my sister discovered that we had the book so I read it.
I rented the video on the same day I finished the book.
I thought it was very memorable as was the book.
The cast was brilliant.
Tara Fitzgerald was excellent as Helen and Rupert Graves was hateful as Arthur.
This is why the video is rated 15.
There are some other things that have been thrown in.
I just love watching women like these on screen.
All the actors do marvelous jobs bringing their characters to life.
So re the story as in the film I'm equivocal.
I loved this mini series.
I'm sure Anne herself would have been happy with the way it was produced.
Excellent acting and great locations.
This film successfully portrays the frustratingly restrictive lifestyle of all women of the time.
I am extremely grateful for the people responsible for making this film.
As a horse lover one can only appreciate this movie.
There are few movies that show horsemanship as this one does.
I would love to know if Brian does his own riding in the film.
Would also like to know if he enjoys horses.
Brian has been in a lot of movies where he has ridden.
You can find that in this film.
George Burns deserved that Oscar.
He gave a strong comic performance.
He was also 78 when this movie was filmed.
Jessica Tandy breaks the record as the oldest actress.
Richard Benjamin was also fantastic in this.
He won a Golden Globe for best supporting actor.
He deserved that Golden Globe.
This Comedy is an instant classic.
I highly recommend it.
The best thing about this film is the acting.
I can see why this character is such an icon.
Altogether a very pleasing sequel.
Worthwhile if you are already a fan.
Our days are limited.
Excellent movie for all women.
makers of human body.
It is amazing how we function.
The subject matter skips around an awful lot.
Our bodies are machines of a complexity that is simply inconceivable.
This film exceeded my expectations.
After a while she definitely grew on me and became a likable character.
I would recommend this film to everyone.
You are going to live for 80 years anyway.
Creep is an absolutely fantastic film with amazing film effects.
There is much mystique in this film.
My rate is 7.
And it does just that.
The ominous setting of the abandoned London subway during night is effectively used.
The score by a Bristol band called The Insects was top notch.
I really do hope he gets to make better films in the future.
It was a fun ride.
An excellent example of a simple idea developed into a compelling 90 minute script.
If this sounds like your kind of film then it probably is.
Buy a ticket and climb aboard.
now more than ever.
corporations while the government profits and American suffer.
It is very disturbing and realistic.
Some scenes between Emory and his father are moving.
However where in the U.
Something that few care to face until personally affected.
This movie struck home for me.
See if you can recognize John Goodman before he put on weight.
The aerial assault sequence is perhaps the best part of the movie.
See how many times you can spot the camera crew too.
This list is totally accurate and I can only concur with it.
It took Pulp Fiction to wake him from the slumber he had been in.
What I think is amazing is the budget this movie had.
The scenes and actors and explosions etc.
out on the deck.
That is if you like horror movies.
His demise is relatively easy to assume once the movie gets going.
Sometimes you just have to set the thinking cap down and smile.
All the criticisms registered here have valid points.
So much for warnings.
This is a masterpiece of comic acting.
About the 1976 Oscars.
This movie is not your typical horror movie.
It has some campy humor and death scenes which can be sort of comical.
I liked the performance of the hillbilly guy and of Lester.
This unpretentious Horror film is probably destined to become a cult classic.
I hope that the director will make another one.
The story lines was excellent too.
Fearful Symmetry is a pleasant episode with a few faults.
Just like he must have cared more for animals at one point.
And it is very much an episode of wonderful moments.
if you have any head for cars WATCH THIS and be blown away.
Boy are you wrong.
I have been a fan of George Burns since I was ten.
This one was also very awesome.
George Burns did a great job.
That special they were filming would have been awesome if it was really done.
I was about thirteen when this movie came out on television.
It is far superior in action than most movies since.
Vic Morrow as the villain is superb.
I'm disappointed in the low vote this received.
Possibly the coolest hot rodder in the world.
In possibly the ultimate hot rod.
He gets picked up for speeding by the Sheriff on purpose.
He checks out the lay of the land.
He knows how his brother died.
He goes out to the Curve and practices.
Another Channel 4 great canned long before it is time.
Compelling acting from Phil Davis and the rest of the cast.
But trying to find someone now who can recall it is even harder.
I suspect the latter.
Their emotions has captivated the audience.
This timeless proverb reverberates in this movie and in my heart.
It is possible that my sensibilities would not have appreciated its power.
So I now gratefully welcome it into my soul with gladness.
His is now a legendary luminescence.
She amply deserved her Oscar.
This movie is in an epic in the most classical proportions.
THE GOOD EARTH enriches one in ways that one does not expect.
But all will not come from it with the joy that I did.
But I can only hope that this film will be remembered for many years.
Do not prod me with mere technicalities regarding the race of the principal players.
These are expectations of modern times when we are obsessed with utter perfection.
Time will not diminish this effort nor will progress improve upon its greatness.
This adaptation of Pearl S.
There is only one thing that irks me.
I think you can.
Murray Abraham as Mechanic.
Then there is Luise Rainer.
There is a small grain of truth in that.
But that is Hollywood.
The locust scene was very well shot and contained convincing special effects.
My main problem with the film is that it goes on too long.
Faithful to the work of Pearl S.
The newly found wealth transforms Wang Lung.
I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school.
The novel which earned Ms.
The film is in Black and White and is wonderfully adapted from the novel.
Highly recommended for all audiences.
The special effects and costumes are very good for the time period.
I am surprised that Luise Rainer received an Oscar for such a limiting role.
The rest of her literary output never matched The Good Earth.
Still Rainer stoically bears it all.
Till then we have got this great classic to appreciate and enjoy.
I watched this movie with some curiosity.
I was happily proved wrong.
I watched this film from beginning to end enthralled.
That was astounding to view.
The movie is 67 years old.
9 out of 10.
So can those checking out Oscar winner Julie Christie.
This movie has been poorly received and badly reviewed.
Its a delicate story.
It is SHE who is notified that Chris is back in England.
Gray comes to tell her that Chris is in a hospital in London.
He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret.
They both are in love with him.
Jenny wants to help.
He walks dejectedly toward the house.
The novel was written something after the first war.
This one stays with you forever.
All in all an excellent movie.
The best thing I take from it is Hope.
Sir Ian Holm has a smaller role as the doctor treating him.
The movie itself offers an alternative and more modern version of the series.
The way he finds a Christmas dinner partner left me giddy with joy.
There is nothing fake or pretentious about them.
Two great comedians in a great Neil Simon movie based on his hit play.
As each of his employees leave he invites them to a Christmas dinner.
Each and everyone of them politely turn him down.
They all have plans for their own Christmas eve.
At this stage there is a deep sadness to this moving scene.
Thankfully we have a happy denouement to this very special scene.
Every time I see this scene it moves me.
This film is a joy from beginning to end.
The script is a masterpiece of comedy and drama.
It moves effortlessly from scene to scene.
All the acting is magnificent.
Some of her other films are worth catching.
His moment of truth is very moving.
Gold stars all round to the performers.
I was amazed at this movie.
Every time I watch this movie I am more impressed by the whole production.
which is highly believable to boot.
Special mention must be given to the other members of the cast as well.
a wallet instead of that ludicrous cigarette box Clara is so hung up on.
They are the type of character actors that Hollywood sadly no longer employs.
Just as good with repeat viewings.
This is a beautiful movie that is wonderfully acted by all players.
It will make you laugh and it will make you cry.
The very end of the movie gets me to mist up every time.
His accent mixed in with all the other European accents would have been nothing.
But is only this one where neither of them dies.
He makes himself very scarce.
Sad that it pays off a good deal of the time.
I particularly like William Tracy as Pepi.
Theirs is one of the classic love stories of the cinema.
Calling this a romantic comedy is accurate but nowadays misleading.
Jimmy Stewart is a special favorite of mine.
You can guess the rest.
A one of a kind film.
Willy clearly has been living there too long.
Willy wakes up and picks up the phone.
A remarkable achievement and one of the ten greatest screen comedies ever made.
This is a movie that gets better each time I see it.
There are so many nuanced performances in this.
Very believable in every facet of his role.
This movie belongs to Jimmy Stewart though.
This is a great example of that.
It will leave a smile on your face for days.
I thought this film was just about perfect.
There are scenes that will make you laugh out loud .
a few where you will want to get up and tango .
and many others where you will just feel good.
many more would like to than do but are inhibited by the culture.
I understand that it was more popular than Titanic in Japan.
I approached this film with low expectations but was very pleasantly surprised.
The cultural contrasts are thus intriguing.
Such is the premise of this hilarious Neil Simon play made into a movie.
I think you have to slide it.
The story is engaging.
No one is more surprised when he begins to like it than he.
But he must keep his secret pleasure from his coworkers and family.
When the truth comes out it is quite funny.
It is not the same as the other films about dancing.
A few normal people found themselves from dancing.
They are someone that you may see everyday in your offices.
This touches me very deeply.
The object of his obsession is distant and cold.
They are friendly and warm and inviting.
The movie has so many funny moments.
They are two funny character actors.
I recommend this film to all.
I lived in Tokyo for 7 months.
I always look forward to this movie when its on TV.
The range of different types of people is great.
My favorite character must be Mr.
He is so quirky but so full of emotions.
It is a perfect movie with wonderful dancing.
Unfortunately we never get the chance to see them go to Blackpool.
Would make for the perfect sequel if they had.
But I guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.
A very simple and innocent story.
He stays loyal to his wife and daughter.
Not sure if I want to.
I do not really enjoy Jennifer Lopez.
I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.
The choreography was beautiful without seeming athletic.
This film is truly a keeper.
Over 20 years later they agree to get together for a TV special.
but find out they STILL hate each other.
Also his character here is so caustic you get sick of him quickly.
All that aside this was fun.
Their verbal battles are the best sequences in the movie.
For me it is worth seeing for Burns alone.
I give it a 7.
Rather Billy Elliot like I would say.
I enjoyed that film as well.
This movie was charming.
An accountant wants more from life than the approved conventional success.
We can all see ourselves in the everyman.
It is a classic in every sense of the word.
The movie is hysterically funny and yet quite touching all at the same time.
and I think most people will too.
My vote is ten.
As you can see this is one of my favorite if not favorite films.
This is a character drama which is absolutely hilarious.
I saw it last night and woke up today thinking about it.
he knows not precisely what.
It adds to the humor as well as warmth of this movie.
Each does there part in making this movie wonderful.
Truly a well written film.
10 out of 10.
Definitely one of my desert island films.
All these makes it a moving and fun film to watch.
he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons.
He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule.
This movie helped me to understand the Japanese people a little better.
It is a warm and very worthwhile film to see.
I was so surprised when I saw this film so much underrated.
I understand why some of you dislike this movie.
I must say this is the best comedy I have ever seen.
The plot is straightforward yet pleasing.
Before I watched the film I was slightly depressed due to heavy schoolwork.
It is important to note that the actors are not professional dancers.
It definitely deserves 10 stars.
I simply love this movie.
Please do not confuse the two movies.
The Hollywood version is the exact opposite.
The remake cements the argument that some foreign films can never be improved upon.
And please DO skip the US remake.
it is a shallow travesty in comparison to the original Japanese movie.
Yet it is also dignified in a way hard to describe.
It just so happened a friend lent me the video on learning to dance.
Very entertaining and definitely recommended.
I saw this at about 2.
Overall a good film.
So we went instead to see this movie.
I'm still thinking about it.
Even the small parts are great.
Scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are breathtaking.
There is no Dietrich.
I think I truly love this film .
The film seems to focus a lot on men ogling beautiful women.
But at the center of it all is the magnificent Louise Brooks.
I do not know if their projection speed is correct.
A lot of the scenes appear to be shown at too fast a speed.
This may have been the way they were shot.
I do not know.
and the tale might very well have been ended there.
but the true tragedy is that they do love each other.
But it is the images that remain.
The print on this version looked very clear and full of nice contrast though.
This is silent film technique at its pinnacle.
All of the characters are drawn with nuance.
I doubt it is ever been done better.
This is really some of the best stuff of the early days of film.
We are all the poorer for that.
This movie is less well known than her German films with G.
A sense of tragedy to triumph to tragedy again.
All in all I have seen this film at least 10 times.
And then they discover what they have been doing.
Crosby and Martin sing terrifically.
Good job by all.
A surprisingly original plot and great entertainment.
and what a combo.
This film touched my heart.
What happens here is pretty hilarious.
Burns brought a bit of the personal into this film as well.
Or at least pretty close to as an active performer.
And I do think you will like The Sunshine Boys.
Shakespeare said that we are actors put into a great stage.
It is really worth watching.
Big brawl and Maggie ends up stuck in Panama.
Carole and Arthur are great together.
Maggie is always there for him whenever he needs her.
I definitely recommend it.
Good timing and clever banter at the beginning.
The movie has fantastic montage sequences that dazzled me.
They are very good.
It is worth a look.
I do not know its exact rank though.
I suspect it just dates too much now to be well liked.
Most of the scores he worked with were fairly mediocre.
But the rest of the score for MURDER AT THE VANITIES was forgettable.
Nice way to keep the action going while the dialog hits a dull bit.
You can literally hear the script crackle.
But it is really more a matter of adjusting to the different style.
Once you get into the characters it will win over most intelligent viewers.
The series provided Cox with an outstanding supporting cast.
Peepers who seems a much better match for the gentle Nancy.
and even the corny ones are fun.
I must have been only 11 when Mr Peepers started.
Marion Lorne stole the show every time she was on screen.
I still remember it as wonderful and wish I had been a little older.
In 1952 i was 5 and my family always watched this show.
Peepers walking away with his back to the camera.
I think that the movie was kind of weird.
I give it about a 5 out of 10 of the scale.
The ending is a welcomed break from the predictable upbeat endings of most movies.
Not a bad word to say about this film really.
The score is a beautiful piece of suspense delivering apparatus.
All of this is high praise for a good slasher film in my book.
7 out of 10.
There are many reasons why I said that.
You will really enjoy it.
I'm getting chest pains Uncle Willie.
But he seems far happier in accepting his retirement.
The original bits that Hal Sparks did were hilarious.
I think I hold this show in good company.
I love the scathing review of pop culture that this show gives.
They are obviously being ironic.
And that is part of what makes this show funny.
We want more funny writings by the best writer ever Stan Evans.
The patron Saint of the mindless masses.
He should make many more movies.
We wish him a moment of FAME with a great fortune to gain.
He could also write a TV movie about the late KING OF POP.
Thank you so very much.
I recommend this movie to everyone.
My daughter was fascinated by the movie.
We have made it a part of our library.
One night I stumbled upon this on the satellite station Bravo.
Initially out of curiosity i decided to watch it.
The main character is beautiful and her body is shown off well.
The music used is pretty tense and creates the perfect atmosphere for the executions.
A movie you start watching as a late night cable porn.
It is hot in that department but it has even a lot more.
It has a sense of humor.
A definite adult only movie but well worth watching.
And what a way to go.
It starts out real slow.
It gets better as it moves along.
And ends with a bang.
I just recently started watching it and I love it.
Its a show that could of gone as far as Friends went.
This should of lasted much more than year as it was fantastic.
Amazing show with all the best actors.
The first misconception by people is that this is a horror film.
It is a psychological thriller.
It is for people who actually want an intellectual experience when watching a movie.
Kudos to the acting as well.
This movie is worth it.
Forget that Brendan is a graduate of the Buffy universe.
He IS acting here.
And it is twisty.
This would be a good choice for a Saturday Midnight sit down.
The score just plain sucked.
She carries the film squarely on her shoulders.
This is not to say that it is a masterpiece.
UNHOLY ultimately collapses under the weight of its own ambition.
A little ambition is not a bad thing.
A hilarious Neil Simon comedy that evokes laughs from beginning to end.
I have been looking for the name of this film for years.
I was 14 when I believe it was aired on TV in 1983.
I never tire of this fantastic movie.
I have been looking for this for years.
I believe it may have been shown on CBS under yet another title.
I have no idea whether it was ever released on video.
You will not be sorry.
It is unbelievable that anyone could survive under such conditions.
This is why this movie is so appealing.
Most important was her will to survive and to maintain a positive attitude.
It also should be shown more often on the satellite movie channels.
That was a bit far fetched.
I give a 9 of 10.
And so I really love this movie.
It even had a decent twist of an ending.
The ensemble cast has some good moments in the film.
A wonderful surprise of the Spanish cinema.
However this film was absolutely fantastic and not predictable at all.
I'm disappointed at the lack of posts on this surprising and effective little film.
I highly recommend it.
It is an incredible story of a strong and devoted people.
The Sunshine Boys is one of my favorite feel good movies.
Now a lot of the reviews here mentioned the wonderful performances of the leads.
He opens the plays out without making them look like a photographic stage play.
For example the movie showed Joseph Smith on trial.
Then Joseph was killed.
Historically Joseph Smith was never convicted of anything.
Brigham Young was in Boston when Joseph Smith was arrested for this particular trial.
It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith.
I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal.
The issue is not emphasized.
Not a bad martial arts film.
Fight scenes were good.
Story worked without foul language and too much blood.
IT would be great to see something else from her in the same genre.
IT was definitely worth watching.
I recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.
He and his wife make a great team.
She also did good job editing the film.
Together they did a great job.
A new one on me.
The fighting was more in the streets and had looting and crime.
I watched it and fast forwarded through the musical numbers.
But I strongly recommend this film to educators and their students to understand.
I bought this cheap from the rental remnant at our local store.
Clearly nobody else had either.
I can not believe my luck.
I will treasure this little find until it wears out.
One day they will make this again on a better budget.
This film reminds me of 42nd Street starring Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler.
I wish she was in more movies.
This movie should have a higher rating.
The strange twists in the Vonnegut story are made stranger by odd details.
some of the scenes left out of the film are part of my memory.
Standing alone and of itself it is well worth a look.
They beat him and leave him in the mud.
His house front and mailbox are painted with swastikas and accusations.
Eichmann seems pleasant enough.
You must learn to relax.
The reason he stopped is that he simply has no place to go.
What Vonnegut is describing is far more than depression.
no role is treated to a less than stellar performance.
But it is also just a really strong feat of cinematic technique.
And the music selections rise the level of tragedy.
It will change you if you do.
One of the best films I have ever seen.
He did a wonderful job of making a character really come to life.
He makes great job expressing the feelings from the book to the film.
Campbell who was a double agent working in propaganda during World War II.
When it is necessary to shout he roars like a wounded lion.
Of course it is also just a sign of the times we live in.
Had Chaplin lived in our times.
Of course on the outset it appears preposterous.
Back to the plot.
the premises of the film make you wonder about a lot of things.
What great movies should be.
A bit long but worth it.
But the film brought me a pleasant surprise.
I recommend it to everyone who is bored with Hollywood spy movies.
American playwright Howard W.
Perhaps that is the best reaction we could hope for.
And he realizes that.
One of my most favorite films.
The film adaptation is very faithful to the original book.
Mother Night has tight direction and a solid cast.
Sheryl Lee is beautiful and great as always.
I always thought she deserved better than she got out of the entertainment industry.
No weaknesses in this fine adaptation.
This movie pleasantly surprised me.
I highly recommend it for audiences who want something thoughtful.
This movie was one of my attempts.
I was in awe throughout the entire movie.
This is a very thoughtful and emotionally striking movie.
This question weighs heavily on the viewer of this movie.
These are qualities that seem natural from him.
Clear shades of things to come abound throughout the cartoon.
The early Bugs was definitely more sassy and cruel than his later incarnations.
It is an understatement to say that the performances are all Outstanding.
His trademark style of acting works well for the sly Puss in Boots.
The other actors are well for their parts.
I did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward.
I can not remember the original tale.
James Newton Howard enhances the quality of any film he composes for tenfold.
Show this movie to your daughters.
It will end up becoming a lifetime comfort film.
extremely touching and almost life altering.
was for me at least.
Definitely worth seeing and buying .
Added to my favorite movie list.
it is number one now.
This is a very touching movie that all people should see.
The Man in the Moon.
we will it is just incredible.
But it really is incredible.
just watch it because it will alter the way some people look at life.
Reese Witherspoon first outing on the big screen was a memorable one.
I thought this movie was very well done.
It was well cast and believable.
After the movie was over I wished there was a part two.
I wanted to know what happened to Dani and her family.
This movie is bound to be a classic.
I thought this was a very good movie.
I seem to find myself watching it every time it comes on.
My favorites run from Blue Velvet to Dr.
This sweet tale shortly will be in our private library.
This moving story is one you will enjoy reliving time and again.
The simple virtues evinced in Man in the Moon are a joy to behold.
i must say this movie is truly amazing and heartwarming.
however it is even sweeter watching how much he cares for Dani.
but the biggest tragedy i have ever seen occurred in this movie.
watching him die made me cry for a whole day.
i just could not believe it.
they really can make it through anything.
The movie paints an accurate picture of the South and the racist attitudes.
This movie should have gotten more notoriety.
I was so surprised by how great The Man In The Moon truly was.
7 out of 10 stars.
The plot and the acting was top notch.
You are emotionally involved with the characters.
The other cast members do a great job also.
The movie flows extremely well.
There is not a boring moment in the whole picture.
A young man named Court is loved by everyone.
His painful bloody death brings everyone closer.
You can find other symbols and allusions throughout the movie.
But the elements for this are set up subtly.
Note what his mom says about bringing his lunch out to the field.
Note how he is holding the steering wheel and his gloves.
He is sweaty and operating dangerous equipment.
All the acting is superb.
For some reason I found Jason London on a tractor funny.
Let me begin by expressing my admiration for a perfect portrayal by Reese Witherspoon.
That her performance stands out in the excellent cast is praise indeed.
Robert Mulligan has seldom disappointed those of us who have admired his work.
One of those movies that should become a classic for all.
The girls then are made to realize how much they need each other.
You get to know the characters quickly and experience their ups and downs.
This movie could take place in any farm or rural setting.
The story and the messages it includes would remain the same.
Not paying attention and carelessness gets you into dangerous situations.
The second reason is that is a love triangle.
As if it all really happened.
Love story or not.
this is what this movie is all about.
He has been thrust responsibility when he should be having fun.
They yell and argue and Danni leaves.
One look between the two and its all over.
This movie has since the first time I watched it stuck in my mind.
Its in the my Top 100 movie list and deservedly so.
my faith in Hollywood would be a lot better.
It is very touching at times and is very well done in all respects.
Jason London does a fine job as well.
The rest of the cast was very good as well.
As I watched this movie I began to feel very nostalgic.
Through the pain we go through in life.
life goes on and there can be forgiveness.
Feel free to cry.
This was truly a heartbreaking story about first love.
Probably the most painful story about young love that I have ever seen.
I would give The Man in the Moon 8.
Warfield and London are both equally good as well.
This is one of the very best films of 1991.
Perfect movies are rare.
What a delightful movie.
This show is good.
It was as if Pushing Daisies Brought ABC back to life for me.
Pushing Daisies truly is a landmark in Television as an art form.
It is just Brilliant.
Truly addictive and an absolute pleasure.
And Pushing Daisies lives up to those expectations.
I suppose everything does come back to money.
I have loved it since.
He learned this when his mother kissed him goodnight.
But this does point out a problem with continuing story lines in network dramas.
Many of these other viewers complain that the story line has already been attempted.
The investigative portion of the show is not what drags viewers in.
This is a success that ABC should never let go of.
9 episodes prior to the writers strike left audiences wanting more.
I love this show.
I like the storybook quality of the cinematography.
The movie has its tear jerking parts as well.
It is what real life can be in such an environment.
I am not sure whether his presence as narrator adds or distracts.
Maybe that is a good thing.
He can not send her back and he can never touch her.
Thank god ABC picked this up instead of Fox.
Most of the characters have a longing for things they can not have.
I think the characters are picture perfect and believable.
I really enjoyed the first episode and am looking forward to more.
Her character is very sweet and lovable and you easily get attached to her.
Lee Pace does a great job too.
Two underrated character actresses that never fail to bring it with their performances.
I have been a fan of Pushing Daisies since the very beginning.
You really connect with these characters.
It really is that good.
OK so one more thing.
This show is clever.
It is a pleasure to see such creativity on TV again.
Definitely worth a look.
The girls steal the show so far in this series.
Chuck is adorable as is Olive.
The two aunts are a delight.
I sincerely hope they write them into bigger parts as they are magic.
This is like Dr.
She has been missing from the screen for far too long.
If you grew up in an Italian American family you will love this movie.
Jim Dale brings all the characters together with his wonderful narration of the show.
Pushing Daisies quickly made it to the top of my list.
And that bringing them back to life was just as routine.
The truly kiss of death.
And that is how this beautiful modern fairytale starts.
The results could not be better.
The world around The Pie Hole was magnificent.
The actors here are top of note.
This makes every show I have ever watched look plain boring.
but I enjoyed this show anyway.
I will mourn its passing.
But I guess nobody will be bringing this back to life.
Pushing Daisies was a wonderful show.
There is nothing random about the choices that are made from costume to leitmotif.
An escape from the mundane and boring.
Watch a weirdly natural and totally satisfying song break out of a scene.
I know I do not.
I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago.
I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives.
It also showed the strong faith of two families who were first generation witnesses.
Thank you for this movie and allowing comments on it.
This adaptation of M.
I give it 7 out of 10.
And it was a great introduction.
The best film of Martial Law series.
It is a rare occasion when I want to see a movie again.
In old time movie theaters I would have stayed put for more showings.
The all star cast present their characters believably and with tenderness.
I was impressed by this film.
Pretty good for a sequel and I never even seen the first.
I enjoyed this version much more then the Spielberg version I saw last week.
So well done for at least trying to make a true version.
Its greatest fault is that it was obviously made on a very cheap budget.
The overviews of 1898 London look like something from a video game.
I was particularly impressed with the heat ray.
The acting and direction will not win any Oscars.
The year 2005 saw no fewer than 3 filmed productions of H.
The acting is often more in the style of that period than ours.
If you want to see H.
but any way i give this movie 2 thumbs up.
They will explain the processes used.
It is totally refreshing to me to have this movie in my library.
The tripods look pretty cool but their walking and deaths could have been better.
The action scenes were really cool.
Good movie I recommend it for people ho have read the book.
The music is awesome and the directors cut looks pretty cool.
some bad acting cheesy looking London.
Wells Classic has had several Incarnations.
Nothing is changed nothing is removed.
Martians Invade the Earth with Capsules containing an army of Tripod walking War Machines.
This move brought back so many pleasant memories.
People really did walk places back then.
The actors are likable and the performances are charming.
Hines succeeds in doing so.
We enjoyed the effort Mr.
Hines put into being faithful to H.
You can poke holes in the plot if you want.
Now imagine yourself sharing this gift with the love of your life.
Spock receives an urgent message from the former commander of the Enterprise.
Spock turns himself in to Dr.
Pike was commanding and Spock was one of his officers.
The kept her entertained and happy the entire time.
My son has been watching them for over a year.
This show is by far the best show on TV for kids.
AND a rock band for children.
The acting was Superb and the Story was Marvelous.
This is wonderful medicine for the heart and soul.
The Acting could not have been better nor the movie better cast.
At any rate this was an Amazing cast.
It obviously was at the Academy Awards as well.
preferably own this film.
They always have a positive message along with fun entertainment.
Moe is a great dancer.
Our favorite song is The Bird Song.
This guy must have been a cheerleader or something.
Must have 10 lines of text so I must continue.
I really enjoyed this movie.
Heath Ledger is great as always and the sexy Naomi Watts charms the screen.
Give this movie a chance if it airs on cable.
I do see what my forebears saw in the youthful Bette Davis.
This is a good movie for those of us who love these old comedies.
He had me fooled.
He seemed more like an empty canvas than a person.
But Warren William and Bette Davis are well worth watching.
I thought it was good.
Some of the score was actually good.
A bad ending I must say but I did see it coming.
it seemed that the movie was researched well.
I do not go along with the crowd of right wing believers.
I dropped out of that atmosphere.
I call it the Judas Syndrome.
This film certainly showed some of that.
Also he was a very gorgeous Jesus.
Another is that of the historical nature of the Bible and faith.
One to excite all 5 senses.
This movie is one of the most provocative Jesus movies I have ever seen.
I would watch this movie again and recommend it to others.
Monarch Cove updated this concept quite well and I anticipated it only getting better.
Love the TV show.
Was hooked first time I saw it.
Wish I was there acting in with them.
You are in a situation were you have to choose one or the other.
Making the decision that you really want will be better in the end.
Making the best of what you have is a good thing a well.
i am totally addicted to this show.
i can not wait till the week goes by to see the next showing.
it is suspenseful and exciting.
i am really mean it.
There are tons of memorable quotes.
Eugene Levy also turns in a hilarious performance as a sleazy filmmaker.
all fantastic films that are mildly inaccurate historically.
and they bounce HARD.
You should not take what I am about to say lightly.
No movie has ever done that to me before.
I remember it being announced.
They never really stood much of a chance.
Some scenes just do not seem to make sense after others.
I'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is.
They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.
This is really a great unknown movie.
I especially loved the interracial aspects of it all.
Now onto the actors themselves.
Once in the Life is for sure a keeper.
Since I think this is his directorial debut it might prove even more interesting.
All of the acting is quite good.
every sentiment mirrored in the set dressing and camera shots.
Orlando Bloom and Naomi Watts were also really good and believable.
And the hunter and dogs are terrified of Casper.
Ferdie starts licking Casper on his cheek.
Casper screams for joy because he has been reunited with Ferdie.
You have to give them credit.
The finale is a bit heartbreaking.
I would give this cartoon 8 out of 10 stars.
Second only to the Warner Bros.
I have often wondered just how much CASPER was meant for children.
But it grabbed me from the start.
The best and most unpredictable stories are all true ones.
That is not what this film is.
This was a gem.
It was interesting to watch the moral choices people were making in this story.
Again acting is a top notch.
Irish countryside is as beautiful as ever.
And makes no mistake here.
An excellent film all round.
Both stars were in attendance and were available for questions afterward.
As for the stars and supporting players.
The film is a fascinating insight into the whole issue of religion in Ireland.
In this case both let this family down.
There are many episodes that I enjoyed.
I really like this show.
I learned this from people on the show.
I really like this show.
I learned this from people on the show.
From the beginning of the show Carmen was there.
She was one of the best characters.
The best episodes were with Carmen in them.
She was an awesome actress.
Way better than the niece.
But this show is a work of art.
George Lopez is funny.
His outbursts and shouts of glee are hilarious.
I hate the character.
George Lopez is a funny man even without the sitcom.
No one on the cast is really safe from his wit now.
The whole concept about a Latin family TV show really amazed me.
I am surprised that finally Latinos have a good shot to be on TV.
I will stop here to avoid the spoiler.
I think this movie deserves a broader audience than it has received.
But this movie is a dramatic powerhouse.
I was all in sweat and needed a shower afterward.
Well worth your while.
The only reason I wanted to see this was because of Orlando Bloom.
The direction is competent and assured.
The story is plodding.
His portrayal of this was just amazing.
His soliloquies were breathtaking.
I recommend this to anyone both fan of Shakespeare and those not so much.
This leaves no stone unturned.
I can not think of many better ways to make four hours fly by.
I was completely engrossed from start to finish.
One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after having seen this.
This is as close to perfection as you can hope to get.
William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his play.
He outdoes himself with Hamlet.
I guess they know good writing when they see it though.
To say that the technical aspects were awesome would be an understatement.
This is the biggest problem with this production.
Almost everything else works out absolutely beautifully.
And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced.
And he gets too hysterical at times.
But that is it.
Every frame is a painting.
I went to see Hamlet because I was in between jobs.
Like other reviews the 4 hours passes swiftly.
This movie was shot in 70 mil.
This is the definitive movie version of Hamlet.
I was also surprised at how mediocre this movie was.
and that is the only reason to see it.
I was not disappointed.
So true to Shakespeare and yet so accessible.
It blew my mind.
But now on to the movie.
I would recommend this movie to a wide audience.
Kenneth plays the role of Hamlet with such a distinct emotion that provokes tears.
This was my favorite performance of the year by far.
encrypted with his extremely difficult to understand language.
Well let me tell you something.
And here I was my mind opening and me understanding it.
I understood what was going on.
What was being said.
The language is awesome and passionate.
It allows for more raw emotion.
No movie provides more sheer entertainment.
It was an event.
Powerful is the word.
This gets 2 hundred trillion stars out of infinity stars.
You are wasting you are time.
You have to see the plays performed.
Only then will justice be done to them.
Too many of them outstay their welcome.
All play their parts equally well.
This is a must see for anyone and everyone.
Personally i agree upon all those superlatives that are around.
It has a few quick inappropriate scenes but is all right other than that.
The language is very mild and sometimes do not even know it is there.
I hope that people will watch this movie and get interested as I have.
The acting was not really up to the Hamlet standard.
I have got to say one more thing though.
For the same reason his plays are full of anachronisms.
Even Billy Crystal as a gravedigger works.
Every moving and charming sequence leaves behind a comprehensive sense of satisfaction.
His dedication to stay true to the original text should be applauded.
D to understand and enjoy it.
He convinces Aggie to become his fianc.
The production values are high and the script is very elegantly written.
I was swept up in the moment.
These guys make films.
this is one of the funniest shows i have ever seen.
it is really refreshing to watch and i was in stitches many times.
my favorites is the bob the builder one.
it is so silly it is genius.
if you like twisted black comedy then this is for you.
The Christmas specials were hilarious and a real treat for Christmas.
This film was amazing.
I am extremely picky about the films I see.
I would heard about Moon Child completely by accident.
The reason is because it involves vampires doing incredible stunts.
I think that it is a really good movie to watch.
Several scenes can be so fun and some others are so sad.
This is an action movie with a touching beautiful story.
Moon Child was one of the more symbolic movies I have seen.
I personality quite like that moral the movie depicted on.
It is quite a thoughtful film and also entertaining to watch.
The other area that really stood out to me is the languages.
Possibly the most amusing exchange involves an Australian and is conducted in English.
This movie is amazing.
The plot was just.
The storyline was thick with twists and turns and very entrancing.
The special effects are pretty good considering the small budget.
It works great as a stand alone Vampire movie.
9 out of 10.
Before long disaster again strikes and the group falls apart.
Alliances turn to enemies and their worlds are all turned upside down.
Regrets and hopelessness claim some while power and success take others.
Tragedy claims still others.
Truths are revealed and lives are forever changed.
And you will never see a more beautiful sunrise.
Nothing could possibly compare.
I went looking for this movie in typical fan obsession.
I just wanted to check it out.
I was not expecting much of anything.
The story plucks at your emotions and pulls you along.
I completely recommend this movie.
I was not disappointed.
A lot of angst.
I have watched it over and over again.
The music is also amazing.
A surprise ending that grips as much as the whole movie does.
I voted 8 for this movie because of some minor childish flaws.
It seems like their enemies just stands there.
waiting to get shot at.
he shows so much emotion.
The role fits him.
Wang Lee Hom is absolutely great.
Hyde did an amazing job for a first timer.
The way they met up was quite cool indeed.
The ending scene showed it to us.
Never has a movie touched me the way this movie do.
A big praise to the editor for creating this masterpiece.
This is a must see.
This movie is really special.
This is absolutely one of my favorite movies.
You will not regret it.
Many of the buildings he visited in his life are still standing.
I ranked it at a 9 out of 10 at first.
Came up with nothing.
So a ten out of ten it is.
You can tell what side I'm on with Moon Child.
Effects lack consistency but action scenes are satisfying enough.
It puts you to think and it does well transmitting all the angst.
It fulfills any expectations for a good drama.
I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
At least rent it since it is coming to Region 1.
The characters all had human traits.
I give this movie two thumbs so far up.
Definitely the best movie I have seen in the past five years.
You can create the goal pedestrian and write what they speak.
This is the sort of motion picture that begs for a remake.
It might be possible to do it almost as good.
This is one of the very best that Hollywood EVER produced.
it gets no better.
The Invisible Ray is their best.
In this entry the dominant role goes to Boris Karloff.
The contamination causes his skin to emit a bright glow in the dark.
Diana and Ronald accompany him.
One night he is lured into a trap set by Benet and.
See it and you WILL NOT be sorry.
The two fiends will battle over the radiations possibilities.
Pretty good special effects.
Karloff slightly overdoes his performance but Lugosi is terrific.
The Invisible Ray is a sombre and clever little film with much to admire.
Check the hysterical chambermaid scene.
Still I did like this.
I give it a 7.
Very swift story with an unpredictable end.
This is about the best of its genre that I have ever seen.
A grade A effort by Universal.
Director Lambert Hillyer handled the complex story and story locations very well.
No skimping on the loads of extras and locations.
Lugosi likewise was correctly underplayed.
I think this is the best part I remember seeing him in.
Boris Karloff plays Dr.
Bela Lugosi plays Dr.
Rarely are they both negative characters totally.
What he gets is a disaster.
But there are two things that are unbeatable here.
The film certainly picked up on science to an extent.
Madame Curie had died recently from cancer she got due to work with Radium.
It turned out he only got the photographs of the retinas of dead prostitutes.
But the idea did not die.
His already loner personality becomes unbearable as he becomes paranoid.
This is a perfectly delightful movie to watch again and again.
The acting is marvelous and the science is amusing.
I highly recommend it.
Director Lambert Hillyer captures a lot of elements that James Whale did so often.
What I'm saying is that this film is eerie and well shot.
But no can forget it.
The story is elegant.
It also contains some wonderful lines.
And what I see frightens me.
This movie is definitely desert island material.
Halfway through Karloff simply has an added purpose for revenge in his mind.
This is one of those moments.
and are absolutely perfect for this very funny film.
They start robbing banks and even hijack an entire town for 3 days.
I really enjoyed this movie and I give it a 7.
All the actors are perfectly cast and they are all great supporting actors.
Robert Wagner played his role good.
and Turner was a nice one.
There maybe a big age difference there but they are a unique couple.
The two actors really worked together rather well.
The book is better.
It was interesting to say the least.
Overall I would give the movie a 7 or 8.
the acting in it and the plot was just so great.
I married a Japanese woman 14 years ago.
We are still together.
The mixed relationships gave it new ground to cover.
This touched on both possibilities along with the third.
Garner did a better job than he usually does.
The real scene stealer was Red Buttons.
Red was the best thing in this film.
And the Japanese lifestyles were shown in an admirable light as well.
It certainly inspired me to look more closely.
This movie highlights the prejudices and cultural differences of that time.
This is one of the greatest love story movies I have ever seen.
The Jim Crow laws were still in effect.
Civil Rights was in it is infancy.
Anyone who has been in Japan would understand.
It touched every emotion from anger to romance to complete tragedy.
And Brando should have won for best actor.
This movie manages to say SOMETHING and be entertaining at the same time.
A mostly underrated gem.
boy gets girl back.
The weakest role goes to the late Kent Smith as Lt.
Red Buttons is great.
I always love seeing comedians in dramatic roles.
Today gays in the military is a big issue.
Joshua Logan was on familiar ground.
South Pacific also had racism as a component of its plot.
But the picture is stolen by the orientals here.
Buttons is your everyman enlisted man Air Force member.
They marry and the military cruelly does everything they can to break them up.
I still carry the memory of it.
That Oscar symbolized something else too.
Good location photography and a grand story.
This film should be revived more often it has a great moral.
Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either.
That all changes as the movie goes along.
Fortunately it made for an enjoyable quirk of a film.
The tag line holds true as well.
I thought it was a very funny movie.
I love dog movies and comedy movies so combined they were twice as good.
Realizing that all the Dog vs.
The film is a little unevenly paced.
The script is intelligent and economical.
Jeff Corey and many other townspeople try to dispose of the invading mole men.
A must see for anyone.
But as a kid I enjoyed it.
Usual acting in these type movies leaves a lot to be desired.
Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were familiar faces as well from other movies.
He did a great job of playing the strong man.
to mention a few.
People are being too hard on the film.
I think it is an excellent interpretation of what may well have occurred.
I would love to get a copy of it to view it again.
The allusions to J.
Comedian Les Dawson later spoofed this opening in his B.
This is a great movie.
There is no special agency involved in the plot.
All can be done just by delegation.
I think enough of it to have a copy in my library.
He also runs a Carnival and is the head clown.
and cleverly put together.
Give this one a look.
That seems impossible to say the least.
The fight between the brothers near the end of the movie was brilliant though.
Found this one in the video store and rented it.
If you enjoyed that movie you will most likely enjoy this one.
The soundtrack is great also.
York was never changed by the war the way Tone has.
I think you can figure the rest out.
In fact the whole film has a darkly cool energy and hip intensity.
But I love that.
you are in for a treat.
The people who bash this movie make no sense.
I'm in the latter group.
This film for all of its excellence is made even richer by additional viewings.
com 15 June 2008.
I absolutely love this picture.
I think this is the best film they could have made with the material.
It certainly helps to have read the original text before viewing the film.
But the story is great.
My daughter was entranced.
I would watch it again with my daughter.
He loved being bearer so much he came to regard himself as practically British.
The excellent opening theme was penned by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner.
The show hit crisis point three years later when Bates died of cancer.
Thank heavens for D.
Time to stop this review.
It is about A concert band in India.
and some drug use.
Lots of worrying by the mothers.
A good way to spend 98 minutes.
I wanted to see even more of it.
I appreciate this flowing film very much.
Each family has a gay son.
Maybe some people may consider this a slow movie.
I will always be a fan of the show.
The final season of Roseanne was a roller coaster ride of crazy.
This is what she did with the entire episode.
It has effectively gone where numerous other cop dramas have gone and succeeded.
Give this series the ending it deserves.
A great series which has aged remarkably well.
This is a film that was very well done.
She has quite the career ahead of her.
I was amazed at her performance.
It was good advice.
Read the rest at your own risk of spoiling.
You will be captivated.
It holds your attention from the start and its pace never slows.
The adrenalin rises and you cant not watch.
It also makes you question reality TV and if you would watch.
Now I can easily say this has been a hell of a ride.
Ask yourself would you do it.
This story is still an original plot.
Having a baby sister.
you know how it is.
By now i memorized both the plot and the lines.
the second one was significantly weaker.
It is definitely a good way to spend about an hour and 15 minutes.
There are actually some very funny jokes in the movie.
The voice talents are excellent.
Some of the questions are actually difficult.
Could have been one of the scariest movies if planned for another audience.
Disney have done it again.
I love this film and watch it over and over again.
Walt Disney company has NOT lost his touch maybe not for this one.
However some parts do not fit.
I would recommend it for fans of the original.
I recently saw this movie again after not seeing it in many years.
There are a few jokes that adults can enjoy on their own.
The score is quite good.
Many of the scenes from the first film are used in this one.
The returning voice talent is great.
The music is also great.
I was thinking how dumb is Disney getting.
I found it to be very good.
It was very funny.
Not to give anything way but you will know what I am talking about.
It was a very good movie over all.
Upon viewing I was .
And it is all good.
The team has done some serious research.
Their grandfather is a mariner of sorts.
No submarine was ever found.
This is a bit more subtle.
They also give us a reason to avoid a hot tub with a warthog.
7 out of 10.
8 out of 10.
This is done with frequent comedic interruptions.
We get to see them make fun of the events in the first film.
The Lion King series is easily the crowning achievement in Disney animation.
It deserved a theatrical release.
The same can be said for this movie.
Everything you have come to expect from this series.
The scenes never seem out of place.
There are MANY big laughs in this movie.
The story is just not complete without it.
One of the best movies for all ages.
Take time out and watch this with the kids.
Lemon is in the middle.
This is not a movie to be missed.
Paul Winfield should have won an award for his awesome performance in this movie.
Green Eyes is a great movie.
The dedication of one man towards his lost son is entirely moving.
One of my friends said it was her favorite movie.
I have been searching for it every where.
I have done net searches for it in the past but came up empty.
com I would really appreciate it.
All he knows is that the boy has green eyes.
No movies have grabbed my attention like this one has.
Rating reflects movie content.
something they have grown up with and are quite familiar with.
They start a fairly hard job and excel in no time.
And the dumbest things are usually done to get out of this state.
This movie can be interpreted on many different levels.
It is really mocking psychology and the conditioning of society.
One of the best movies I have ever seen.
The movie is better than the book.
But the movie is just so much better.
But I already talked about those in my comment on the mini series.
But count on having nightmares every night for 3 weeks.
One of the things that adds to the scare factor is the amazing music.
Jack is terrifyingly convincing as a crazy killer.
There will never be a horror movie that quite matches this one.
They are not alone in this place.
It really is great.
The kid is psychic.
Another thing I love is the multiple interpretations present in the film.
We are never really sure if what we are seeing is actually happening.
And that final shot.
And do not even get me started on that score.
Kubrick masterfully alters the narrative to terrify the audience even more.
And it is got everything else on top of that.
This is the highest rated horror film of all and rightly so.
Red is used in EVERY scene.
He loves to perplex his watchers in everyone of his films.
I will be talking about this film for months to come.
It has infinite depth.
A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad.
Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd standout among the group.
Take the murder of Mrs.
Jack Nicholson gives an awesome performance.
Kubrick really knows how to convey the terror of the psyche straight to film.
The movie world lost a great director when he died in 1999.
The Hotel was an impressive piece of architecture and staging.
His smiles were natural and his performance was wonderful.
It was believable and sincere.
how messed up Jack is.
Speaking of memorable scenes.
It also goes down in horror movie history.
I felt it ended beautifully.
Certain images definitely stand out.
Playing mad turns him into an exaggerated caricature of himself.
A terrific and very underrated actress.
It has the classic mystery of Hitchcock and the terror of a modern thriller.
The Shining is a damn scary movie.
That one toss would have been cinematic tragedy.
I was never a big fan of horror movies.
They usually lack originality and contain overacting galore.
The only horror movie i like was Stir of Echoes with Kevin Bacon.
This film is a perfect example of this very thought.
At the same time it manages to invoke intense emotions of sadness and despair.
I think Via Satellite is one of the best New Zealand made movies around.
I loved the sparring between Jen and Lyn.
Climax of the film is quite sentimental and is nicely done.
The performances are a treat and the film works perfectly.
Some people tend to forget that.
Beautiful film with great acting.
Sometimes a miracle happens.
But it is GOOD crap.
A rare movie to languish within.
Fine central performances too including the indomitable Jack Taylor and Howard Vernon.
quite a bizarre fantasy sequence where mannequins are used rather unusually.
Great locations and jazz score.
I particularly liked the constant namedropping.
More problematic is the incoherency.
I just wanted to see more of the movie.
Since that moment Franco never could grip me that much.
But then I stumbled on this movie.
Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera.
We find out he can do a lot.
But certainly watch out for the dummy scene.
I thoroughly enjoyed this film for its humor and pathos.
Everything that in this film occurs has a symbolic meaning.
It is totally different to the usual movie that one has access.
I must advice that this is not a sample film.
No other movie has made me feel like this before.
and I do not feel bad.
No movie has ever done this to me before.
I do not know.
I truly do not know.
You turn it into an art form.
I thought she did a great job in this.
The supporting cast was pretty good too.
The abductor was pretty creepy and the story generally had some good twists.
I thought the husband definitely had something to do with it for sure.
Just got the Lifetime Movie Network for Christmas and am loving these movies.
Kept my interest and I will watch it again when they rerun it.
His pursuit of May IS the film.
I enjoyed a lot watching this movie.
So he starts trying to find a breast who is able to feed him.
I also enjoyed the performance of the protagonist.
Some people criticize the script for being too wordy.
This wordiness touches the very roots of the genre.
It all wonderfully helped me keep the right pace.
But here do not expect me to praise foremost Romy Schneider.
It is still acted.
Her role is a purely supporting one.
Who really rocks is Lino Ventura.
But thumbs up for Mr Ventura.
New Year has turned and.
I liked the movie a real lot.
A very cool change in plot when you least expect it.
This 1998 film was based on a script by the late Edward D.
This is a classic waiting to be discovered.
This film could find an audience much larger than either of those.
You will NOT be bored.
Invite some friends over.
make it a party.
Play the amazing soundtrack LOUD.
No one is there just to show their face.
A film to make you wish you had made it yourself.
I saw this film at the International Film Festival Of Brussels.
I also met the director of the film.
And this is cool.
This film really surprised me as it is a comedy masterpiece.
It is obvious that the film tries to play with the established formula.
The cast is good.
This was one of those wonderful rare moments in T.
that I wished I would captured forever on VHS.
I want to see it all again.
I want to buy it.
I want what I can not have.
It should be considered a classic but is lost in space.
had a much more intellectual quality to it.
Everything I remember about it was excellent.
I still have 1 episode on a much deteriorated tape.
I can not imagine a movie like this being made in 1967.
This is a film that stays with you after viewing.
I saw this film after watching Capote and Infamous.
we cut to the Clutters.
Nancy Cutter gets an offer to sleep at a friends house.
She is holding a horse.
Perry will comment on a picture of her and the house later on.
The decision seals her fate.
But Dick knows that the protagonists of that film ended up with nothing.
Ironically his mortality is about to end in a few hours.
Dick has said that they wanted no witnesses so nobody would remember them.
I loved her in this.
The Richard character was completely creepy.
I have dated guys like that.
I LOVE these stalker type stories.
It always makes me get up and make sure my doors are locked.
There are two kinds of rules in this world.
The actual events up to and including the murder are saved until the end.
Cutter was a very nice gentleman.
I thought so right up until the time I cut his throat.
Brooks directs with a lot of verve and uses several interesting transitions between scenes.
IN COLD BLOOD is masterfully directed and adapted by Richard Brooks.
Its exceptionally well made yet forces the viewer to think.
The acting from the two leads is terrific.
Robert Blake and Scott Wilson are excellent together as two criminals with disparate personalities.
Richard Brooks received Oscar nominations for both his script and his direction.
Brooks turns the killers into pitiable characters rather than flatly condemning them.
Its surprising how so few people have commented on this movie.
My guess is that its a hard movie to find.
I gave the film a 9.
See the movie and you will know what I'm talking about.
The black and white cinematography and editing in this movie are top notch.
There are simply no flaws in this one.
10 out of 10.
Blake a close second.
Robert Blake was excellent in his portrayal of Perry Smith.
The book was also excellently written by Truman Capote.
Loved it but still have nightmares over the hotel manager.
Many scenes gripped the imagination and created a nail biter.
Too bad there have to be commercials.
I want to thank all who were involved in this great entertainment film.
It really brought to life the excellent acting of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson.
Music from Quincy Jones effectively scores it is story.
I have only seen this a couple times since.
It was too real.
I would give this a 9.
0 of a possible 10.
I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years.
I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the top 100.
My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly.
My only criticism was the preachy narration at the end of the film.
The result was the book IN COLD BLOOD.
This was a highly combustible scenario in America whereby two entirely different cultures collided.
Easily one of the ten best movies of the 20th century.
Robert Blake walks away with the film.
The story ended in 1965.
one of the best of all time.
The cops are wonderful too.
They seem so real.
Really one of a kind in this respect.
This is some of the best acting you will ever see.
It makes the crime so palpable and sad.
I will stop here.
There are many fine supporting actors.
The result is the finest classic crime movie I have ever seen.
This film could NOT have been made in color.
His breathing under the hood just before they sprung the trap.
I do not think I could watch that again.
they end up murdering Mr.
Clutter and their teenage son and daughter.
Robert Blake is excellent as Perry.
Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen.
Jeff Corey is marvelous as Mr.
Same thing with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith.
Great job by each of them.
There is much to remember from this film.
Those darker moments are the most haunting ones.
Then the hanging scene.
She just radiates beauty and grace on the screen and is a phenomenal actress.
I was a little disappointed with the ending of the movie.
It was a very fitting end for Richard.
Famed photographer Conrad Hall did a fantastic job on this.
One can not help but look at Blake and this film differently after that.
The performances are fine as well.
The Clutter family was apparently not researched to the same depth.
It is unusual to find films made 38 years apart that mesh so well.
These two truly enhance each other.
These two new twists make the film timely for a modern audience.
The flashback scenes to his horrible childhood are extremely well done.
Stunning portrayals by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson.
These roles made their careers.
It excels in every department.
Blake and Wilson turn in stellar performances of the killer duo.
The only sound is the wind whistling through the trees.
Sometime after midnight a car with lights off inches up the driveway.
Moments later an intruder beams a flashlight into your darkened living room.
But this is no dream.
Do you suppose people in rural Kansas still leave their doors unlocked .
A good picture is worth all the words.
And I will not spoil it by telling you.
You will want to see it yourself.
The film has a magic of it is own.
Passion and simplicity is all we need.
Everybody can learn from Georges.
This is one of my favorite movies of all time.
I loved Rain Man with Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise.
It is a gift to show it to someone you love.
it was never posted because it was not more than 10 lines.
This is with no doubt in my movie top 3.
The soundtrack is also really good.
I hope it will complete my movie top 3.
Because you will want to see it again.
11 out of 10.
I do not really care for subtitles either.
I found myself laughing out loud repeatedly.
This one makes it worth the effort.
The character development in this film is excellent.
The song that gets played repeatedly also reinforces this message.
The film shows that people who are mentally handicapped are good natured.
It is a touching film for good natured souls.
I know how sentimental I sound and I promise I'm not usually like that.
I'm quite a cynic.
Winning performances from both these actors give this film its main strength.
There are some moments in the story that are very frustrating for Harry.
This is true cinema which touches the heart.
The film itself I believe is quite a masterpiece.
This film is close to be my favorite piece of celluloid.
There is really not much I would need or want to say here.
8 out of 10.
On the eighth day God created Georges.
She was the only one who loved him.
Harry is a highly ranked businessman.
He knows all the rules that enable us to succeed in our modern meritocracy.
Harry and Georges meet.
But Georges can not be shaken off.
Friendship and human warmth take the place of calculating striving for success.
It is no surprise that Harry now can not avoid failing in his job.
Georges helps Harry to regain the recognition of the daughters.
Nonetheless a reintegration into the old life is no longer possible.
This is the French and Belgians doing what they do best.
This film is a monument.
Gregory Peck gives a brilliant performance in this film.
The same can not however be said for the rest of the film.
For the rest you are better off just reading the Old Testament.
But it is also perhaps the first that really humanizes the biblical characters themselves.
Hayward is at her best in this film.
Raymond Massey does a great job as Nathan the prophet.
Finally this film belongs to Gregory Peck who wonderful as King David.
This is one of his best performances.
I think it still holds up very well today.
Despite a script that at times is unintentionally funny the film is highly entertaining.
Raymond Massey as the prophet Nathan delivers his usual saturnine and ferocious performance.
Look for the silent screen star Francis X.
Hooray for the Old Testament and Hollywood.
But his eyes catch sight of Bathsheba out in her garden one evening.
The sexist law of the day calls for Bathsheba to have a stoning death.
The only thing that gets Moore aroused is a good battle.
No one can lay the law down like Raymond Massey.
He would replaced Saul with David already.
I will leave it to the biblical scholars to submit interpretations.
Watch the film and you might come up with an entirely new theory.
To me movies and acting is all about telling a story.
As well as the sadness when he was killed in battle.
I gave it a rating of ten.
But there is something gripping about this movie.
The rest of the cast is stalwart and capable by turns.
She was beautiful and attractive.
David could not take his eyes off her.
He sends the man to the front line where he would be killed.
They storm the palace and demand that Bathsheba pays for her sin.
Peck plays the compassionate king whose lustful desire outweighed his good sense and integrity.
The love triangle causes some strain in their friendship.
After having played the demo however I was sold.
Let me tell you to witness something like that is scary as hell.
This game relies on the character using wits and walking carefully around.
Because like in any horror movie your surroundings are usually pretty dark.
But sadly I have to report that there are some flaws.
For one thing the universe you are playing in is huge.
That is all fine in the beginning.
And there is no map.
The game demands you memorize your surroundings.
So patience is required.
I do not mind jumping on platforms in third person adventures.
But in first person mode that can be an annoying task.
Luckily you can save at anytime and anyplace.
And trust me you will need it.
Great editing and use of the soundtrack.
A well chose cast with some great characters.
This was an adorable movie.
She is definitely a new shining star for Hollywood.
Also impressing was the soundtrack for this movie.
A nice mix of modern and Indian tunes.
I was dancing throughout most of the movie.
Highly recommended if a fun movie is what you need.
But our attractive young star CAN play some serious soccer.
Nice final wrap up to the whole deal.
Watch this movie and enjoy.
What surprised me most about this film was the sheer audience it attracted.
And soccer is the red line in this movie.
Together with the struggle youngsters have with the expectations parents have.
to your destination and you make boundaries and complications.
I can really relate to the main character Jess.
She really sucks you into her life.
The movie is never boring.
Feel good comedies are becoming my favorite movie genre thanks to this film.
I love this movie.
I feel that the cultural struggles are more emphasized than the other issues.
If anything it will make you smile.
No one wants their daughters to be athletes.
The structure around the parallelism of the two cultures is wonderful.
There is no condescension.
Both cultures are seen as modern and valid.
What a moron i was.
I should have seen this film the day it was released.
The trailers looked fun so I thought I would give it a go.
The entire auditorium was laughing out loud every minute or so.
better than East is East.
My beloved but forgotten Ice Junkie had melted into a sugary blue juice.
I only splash out if it is really worth it.
The sound effects and audio are amazing.
But this movie is about so much more.
This movie is so good and so deep.
Almost lights out for me.
This is a movie about living.
Living your life for yourself and respect for others.
The title of this film nearly put me off watching it.
If you liked East is East then you will love this film.
I just never got around to watching it.
The plot has nothing that interests me.
What a fun film.
I had a goofy grin on my face through the whole movie.
No wonder why the American television show E.
has snatched her up.
I have a new appreciation for Indian culture.
Those people know how to have a good time.
The wedding scenes are dazzlingly beautiful.
This is a perfect date film.
I highly recommend it.
If that is what you are looking for go somewhere else.
I think it is thought out well and it is entertaining to watch.
do not watch this movie if your already depressed.
then again do not watch it if your feeling really good.
But its real message is one of love and perseverance.
Made the same year as Philadelphia.
this is the film that people REALLY should have seen and given awards to.
and it is all true.
this is the film to see.
Then it became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease.
Level design is also cool and atmospheric.
But the game has two main flaws.
As far as difficulty is concerned the game is very well balanced.
Overall undying is a great game.
Definitely one of the best fps out there.
And it is by no means a tearjerker.
But I mean that in positive ways.
This is a complex documentary that shows many things about early Gay life.
A love expressed in ways that only true love can be.
This is the finest film ever made to deal with the subject of AIDS.
Cannot believe my eyes when read quite a bunch of other comments and reviews.
Loved every single bit of it.
Here it is different.
It does not spoil the atmosphere to me.
Very thankful to our Russian industry for the releases of classic Jackie Chan movies.
Thank you for attention.
The Direction is good.
Rest of the cast do OK i guess.
This review is for the extended cut of this movie.
I have always found the storyline a bit confusing.
The pacing is also better and overall it just works better.
Not much has carried over from the first film though.
We see various scenes where their silly schemes backfire.
This film is notorious in that it failed expectations at the box office.
The thing that really saves the film is the ending sequence.
The barn they fight in is full of clever little prop gags and improvisations.
The movie is a rare blend of a good vs.
The movie has its serious moments.
What I really loved about this movie is how it ends.
Let me just say it truly captures the spirit of the movie.
This game was really great and quite a challenge.
This film has to be viewed in the right frame of mind.
That leaves us with the comedy.
She welcomes them inside and they stay with her until the storm passes.
The film Torrent was a first and a last for Greta Garbo.
And leads quite the scandalous life there.
She has a political career in mind for her son.
Unfortunately for Torrent it came out one year before Oscar made his debut.
MGM were unsure of how to market Garbo when she first arrived in Hollywood.
Mack Swain plays her father.
Leonora and Rafael meet but Leonora is full of ridicule.
The dam is bursting and the torrent is flooding the town.
Rafael meets Leonora just before she is about to tour America.
Again he intends to go with her but again he lets her down.
It is certainly a good film with a positive message to follow your heart.
She returns to her home to visit her family and eventually confronts Rafael.
The ending is true to life and pulls no punches.
This film was quite a surprise.
There is one utterly fantastic line in this film that just says it all.
The sets and costumes were magnificent.
Without his magnificent abilities she would not have been the success that she was.
This is probably one of the worst movies ever made.
But I'm glad to have watched it.
Thank goodness he has grown up.
It takes at least three viewings to sorta figure out what the plot is.
My friends and I reenact entire scenes.
You will thank me for it.
This is undeniably the scariest game I have ever played.
Why she never became a bigger store may never be known.
A very enjoyable time over all.
The poster from this film rests on my bedroom wall.
My interest in international cinema has expanded since I first saw this film.
4 and I could have such a surprisingly delightful enjoyment.
Good acting and good scenery.
He takes the day as it comes and leaves tomorrow to its destiny.
But the show is almost completely stolen by Erika Anderson.
A delightfully campy and seamy riot.
New York I Love You is full of love and power.
The diversity from one story to another is creative and unique.
Eagerly waiting Shanghai I Love You in 2010.
I saw this movie at an advance screening and found it excellent.
They all give stand out performances in one way or another.
It also has serious stories and notes.
But that is good in my opinion.
Then the father quits his job at the law firm.
The youngest son gets a panic attack.
I do not know.
I liked the quiet conversations under a dark light.
I liked the intimate feeling of the show.
I liked the acting.
I admire the story.
Then I find myself wanting a second season of The Days.
The two have nothing in common.
So I hope fans will stop comparing them.
I just saw a press screening of this film and I was pleasantly surprised.
Over all the film is a great place to take a date.
especially if you are already fond of the city itself.
I can not wait for the next in the Cities of Love.
I gladly walked out with all my expectations met.
There were four amazing ones out of all the good ones.
Those four I will start talking about.
What I love is the ongoing surprises.
Most of the story presents the sad side of the capital city.
It shows many different nationality background.
I always liked Wright Penn and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper.
I'm not a writer or an critic.
I'M just a student that has seen this movie few minutes ago.
but it touched my heart.
it is easy and accessible.
Look at all the time that we have but we miss it.
and it has a special taste in New York.
It remains the sum of its parts.
The film is definitely uneven and has a very experimental tone.
It might be worthwhile for some and a waste of time for others.
It is just disappointing to see the city shortchanged on its heritage like that.
You will never know until you see it for yourself.
I'm just giving you a very vague heads up on what to expect.
i loved cooper his insight through out the show was just great.
he was by far my favorite character.
it was a great show I'm gonna miss it.
Running makes them all feel truly alive.
The entire 2nd act of D.
I have to agree that it is wildly original.
And it does not stop.
It is erotic and funny at the same time.
This is one of the movies that get better every time you see them.
This was a real show depicting family values.
Lorne Greene was dominant as the patriarch of the family.
His words depicted wisdom.
He reared wonderful sons.
His career never took off as he was associated as a Cartwright son.
He should have tried to get back into the series.
He certainly lost a bonanza by dropping out.
Bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors.
It also made many of their best stories into great western drama.
Most of the shows before 1970 are pretty good too.
Even the worst of Bonanza is better than a lot of other TV shows.
I love Adam the best.
I already own the first one.
PLEASE MAKE ALL 8 MOVIES.
Because I have grown to love the actors who have played the characters.
PLEASE MAKE ALL 8 MOVIES.
We do not get that enough anymore.
Its more than its longevity that says a lot for this series.
I remember repeats of this series.
Lorne Green had his defining iconic character from this series.
Its appeal was across generations.
All members of the family could enjoy this.
The swatch was EXACTLY rectangular.
as is the seam in the coat.
Indians are not played by Native American actors.
The Bonanza producers could have easily done so thirty years later.
That is a major nitpick for me.
I do not think Pernell Roberts ever got the credit he deserved.
Many of the stories trace real historical events.
The guest stars were interesting.
I just watched an early episode that dealt with these 2 subjects.
But every writer should have some leeway with the truth.
But that is if Bonanza were done today.
Ben Cartwright was THE ideal TV Dad in any genre you want to name.
Just the popularity that Bonanza has in syndication testifies to that.
Pernell Roberts as oldest son Adam was written out of the show.
His sudden demise after surgery left too big a hole in that family.
household during the era in which it was viewed.
Bonanza is still infinitely re watchable in re runs.
Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man of great integrity.
This is a wonderful action packed western with great values.
I lost my father at a very young age.
Over the years I have learned many things about him.
I can remember this as though it were yesterday.
U will not understand nor enjoy these movies.
Now about Loves Abiding Joy.
I knew HE was bad news from the start of the movie.
This movie has a lot to do with Jeff.
it is 6 years later so you know he will be interested in Girls.
I want to say that I have enjoyed all 4 movies so far.
Was not crazy about the books.
Cant wait until the next movie.
The way Clark talks will get you every time.
I would love to see January Jones do an appearance.
Maybe a family reunion or something.
This movie is wonderful.
It always has been always will be.
I'm mean really what is better then a house maid falling in love.
Walt really out did him self here.
This is only type of movies that i still have patience to watch.
But there is a one big shame.
You will have to see the movie if you want to know why.
At the ball she meets the handsome Prince Charming.
The characters are memorable.
I do not think I need to tell you the story.
For it has been told for years and years.
So I will just share my feelings.
I first saw Cinderella was when I was five years old.
From then on I was a Disney child in a good way.
Thankfully I was born before that so I was introduced to this classic.
Which is the true magic of Disney.
I feel they made necessary changes to make this a good Disney film.
This is a film very much to be watched with other people.
Immediate family is not good enough.
We loved the movie.
I am a mother to two little men.
I do wish we saw more of the Davis family.
We both wish actors would not change.
The new actors were good replacement tho.
My 9 year old son loved this movie too.
asked me to go buy them all.
He is a movie critic so for him to say this tells me something.
Family should all see this move buy it for friends .
Help bring back a time of values.
We will be Reading the books now that we are hooked.
really hope to see more.
Be Blessed happy moving.
And it really deserves its status.
But there is a Fairy Godmother on hand.
The animation and art direction is lovely.
The characters are also a delight.
Then the King orders the duke to find the women who wore that slipper.
This film is about a magical fairytale.
She never works for her dreams that she sings so fondly of.
Cinderella is a wonderful heartfelt story with a ton of musical highlights.
and thanks to Mr.
the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.
I think all the characters are portrayed amazingly.
The mice are funny and sweet too.
I do not think it is the best Disney film.
But it sure is a true classic.
Disney creates a magical adaptation of the classic fairytale.
I can watch it over and over again.
The music really fit the movie perfectly.
The cartoonists depicted the spoiled behavior very well.
I recommend it to everyone.
I have finally found movies that are good to watch.
The 12th animated Disney classic is a reasonable movie told through a simple story.
This was an important movie because it saved Disney from a delicate situation.
I love his voice.
The Grand Duke is a very cool chap and funny too.
The Prince is certainly one of the most charming in Disney.
The villains in the form of step sisters are perfectly evil and vile.
If you think about it Disney movies can really lost their charm.
In this film it is even more the magical when her rainbow comes smiling.
And of course the rest is.
A lot has changed since then.
Something about this movie just evokes the magic of Disney.
Any child or family members will enjoy this wonderful and magical story.
She cleans and cooks for them without ever receiving thanks.
You can not help but fall in love with this masterpiece.
That criticism is just.
It DOES look good.
The animation varies a bit.
I wonder how he put up with the animal.
Their actions are of maximum interest only in the light of the main story.
Among the supporting cast the notable humans are the King and the Grand Duke.
They remain among the most popular animated films of all time.
The result was enchanting.
And indeed he had.
It simply has never looked better.
I recommended it for a pleasant time of entertaining.
AS there where few scenes of downtown and the city center.
This two songs that have the same melody.
but people do not usually realize that.
I love all of the movies by Michael Landon Jr.
This movie kept me spellbound from start to finish.
Before watching a movie I always try to gather some previous information.
The second one is a psychiatrist that is assigned the treatment of the detective.
The movie is very fun and funny and it has superb moments.
It seems the script suits perfectly to the actors and vice versa.
Weird characters in a delightful comedy about friendship and heroism.
I love Paul McCartney.
I was upset to say the least.
It was almost as good as being there.
Paul is still the man and I will enjoy this for years to come.
I do have one complaint.
I would of like to hear all of Hey Jude.
Also Paul is not dead.
This movie was uplifting story of the loss and restoration of faith.
This is one of the finest music concerts anyone will ever see and hear.
I have a huge 5.
This is the closest you will get to a Beatles concert today.
I was glued to the set this entire show.
Thanks to this video I was able to enjoy it.
Only then does the second film start.
Then we shift to Southeast Asia.
This is a blimp we are talking about.
Just a fun film to watch.
Proud member of the Naval Airship Association etc.
I saw it about 15 years ago on HBO and loved the movie.
The place was packed both times and people had to be turned away.
The One and only was a great film.
Those who get the joke and those who do not.
People usually attack what they do not understand.
This film has a comic style and charm that has been unparalleled since.
and a GREAT romance.
A perfect movie for someone who wants a good lighthearted laugh.
There is no Justice in the world.
Sometimes with age people lose their sense of humor.
I love his impressions of Mr.
I saw this for the first time when it came out in 1984.
I still think this is very funny.
This came out in 1983.
Eddie made two stand up comedy films.
I preferred Raw because I just found the subject matter to be more humorous.
T and singers such as Michael Jackson.
Believe me your fans will love you for it.
And I think you know that.
I laughed myself sick the first three times I watched it.
At his best when telling stories from a kids point of view.
There are a lot of things wrong with it.
Just download it or something for cheap.
SO HINTS ARE VERY WELCOME.
Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too funny to pass.
If only every movie could be this funny.
If you ever see a stand up comedy movie this is the one.
You will laugh nonstop if you have any sense of humor at all.
This is a stand up standard.
It never loses its edge.
If only Eddie Murphy were born 10 years later.
Then we would all remember it.
But even I was only 4 when it came out.
It really needs to be watched more then once to understand all the jokes.
I have never seen a man be more funny than Eddie Murphy.
This is definitely one for your video library.
But the actors turn the dialog into something that makes sense.
You can see real people behind the unreal lines.
And the directing is wonderful.
The friends enjoyed it too.
There will be no other comedian like Eddie.
His imitations of Mr.
i was in tears.
if only i was there.
I think this still is the best routine.
Just long enough to last 20 years.
I just love how he allows the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted.
This is hands down the greatest stand up show ever.
You can even tell the crowd gets really into.
He is SO funny.
brigade would find this hilarious.
His timing and delivery for his stories is almost unequaled.
It is THAT funny.
I have never seen anything like it.
I have seriously never laughed so hard of anything my entire life.
was but still laughed.
That is what it comes down to.
It is funny as hell.
T being a homosexual.
You look mighty cute in them jeans.
No one was expecting the filthy mouth that he unleashed on them.
But the results were just awesome.
Normal kids do not do shit like that Gus.
He was something never before seen.
He was all we ever needed.
Truly one of the funniest routines of all time.
Makes other so called comedies like dead boring.
It portrays incredibly cruel treatment of humans and animals.
Boy was i mistaken.
However as soon as the film started the laughs started erupting from my belly.
I was surprised with the amount that I was absorbed in this film.
All in all an excellent film if you are a fan of unnecessary comedy.
s the evil rich guy.
8 out of 10.
Very possibly one of the funniest movies in the world.
Pure stroke of genius.
10 out of 10.
I have seen it so many times I have stopped counting.
Trust me on this one.
There was no point in putting this great actor in this movie.
Sometimes I just want to laugh.
a definite must see for all comedy fans.
i like coop he rocks i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this.
Sublimity is the way we have to reach for The Beauty.
And sublimity is the stuff this film is made of.
This movie is not as funny as South Park but it is pretty funny.
The slap stick style humor mixed with Stone and Parker just works flawlessly.
Recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor.
They create a new sport that combines baseball and basketball.
A definite recommendation for those of you who like slapstick and rude humor.
There are dozens of funny moments to this fantastic movie.
Robert Stacks Unsolved Mysteries spoof is also very amusing.
and everything else associated with nature.
Trey Parker and Matt Stone are absolutely brilliant.
So I'm keeping it professional.
This movie is just funny.
But this is different and just focuses on being funny.
After shaming them the sport goes pro in about a year.
I thoroughly enjoyed this flick.
if that makes any sense.
The opening prologue is brilliant.
it has a really genuine message that is conveyed through literal comic genius.
I gave this movie 8 out of 10 stars.
5 out of 10.
And it succeeded admirably in doing so.
This is the weepy that Beaches never was.
You almost wish people like this really existed.
Here the major theme is class division.
Stella is a story from depression era America.
Fans of the original never gave it a chance.
You get the drift.
A man sees her dance at the bar.
They like each other.
Stella ends up pregnant.
Stella tells the guy the news.
She sends him packing.
Everything is right about it.
I bought this while I was playing chess in Hastings.
I am from Denmark though.
It is very good.
Definitely with an understanding of the horror genre.
The monster towards the end is very scary.
The narrative is pure Golden Age.
The caricatured policemen fall hopelessly for the bait.
There are even dogs.
The public enjoys immensely about guess the murder.
The mystery is very clever and the denouement both complicated and interesting.
Enjoy a great Classic from the past.
The cast is terrific.
The film starts out incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany.
Political correctness flies out the window in every episode.
Lee and Peter Mine.
Fortunately they assigned suave William Powell first to the character.
James lee as the abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent.
The story breaks into four parts.
Cracking good yarn with all the actors giving great value.
William Powell looks wonderfully relaxed and at his debonair best.
A forerunner to the Thin Man series.
But because it happens so fast and is .
This one is definitely a keeper.
it is all here.
Few things escape Vance.
He uses his wits to piece things together.
Also pleasant is seeing a few other great faces.
The unflappable William Powell.
This is a little hard to take.
If you add the fact that B.
Make no mistake this is her picture.
Miss Hepburn in particular benefits from this love.
Van Dine were most popular at the time and the clever Mr.
This movie is by far the best film adaptation of his works .
The plot is intricate .
Highly recommended if you are fan of this type of movie.
The cast is a great ensemble.
William Powell exhibits true star quality.
He is a joy to watch.
Mary Astor does above average work in a not very meaty role.
Mary Astor is very lovely here.
It gives the movie a baroque quality.
Its comedy at its best.
At more than one occasion the entire audience laughed loudly at a joke.
This movie also contains a bit more violence than the first one.
Although the movie was great all in all.
and of course no classic is complete without Audrey Hepburn.
I was a fan for life from that moment on.
boys on their global quest.
Of all the U.
She should have been told to stay at home.
I would love to know how Solo and company escaped from THRUSH H.
Bacall fits that part here.
Great Classic 1945 film without Humphrey Bogart.
The big distraction is the complete disregard for authentic accents.
It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.
I really liked the black and white cinematography.
The lighting also does a great job of adding to the intrigue and tension.
Bacall is just gorgeous.
But I still really liked this picture.
There is great tension and it moves along well enough.
Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr.
This film has its good and not so good points.
The two have no chemistry.
Definitely worth seeing even with its flaws.
It could have been a better film.
This movie is perfect for all the romantics in the world.
I'm sure I have met Arthur in my travels somewhere.
I have to buy this one.
It could have been better had it been directed by someone with more experience.
I have loved it since local channels used to show it.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century.
Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories.
Lauren Bacall is appealing as the British girl who falls for him.
And Wanda Hendrix could break the hardest heart.
She comes across as a precocious early teenager.
The character wants to be helpful.
She does her best.
I recommend this movie highly.
But the story and acting can scarcely be bettered.
Bacall lights up the screen of course and Boyer is entirely engaging.
They do not make movies like this any more.
Name just says it all.
We see a frail 82 year old Gen.
The film then goes into an almost two hour long flashback on Gen.
Told to leave he island for Australia before the Japanese military invade it Gen.
MacArthur achieved his most brilliant victory as well as his worst military defeat.
Truman who had taken just about enough garbage from Gen.
Truman unceremoniously relived Gen.
Back to 1962 we can now see that Gen.
One thing that Gen.
In that it is the soldiers who have to fight and die in it.
That must have been a subject they avoided.
The film opens with MacArthur addressing the student body in 1962.
Roosevelt and Harry S.
Roosevelt was a man who got his points across with unusual subtlety and cleverness.
Along the way it need not have ever come to a crisis.
Watch the newsreels and see if you do not agree.
Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C.
This movie had a good dose of them.
This is undoubtedly one of the funniest movies ever made.
The best thing is the laughter never stops.
All in all I was rolling with laughter throughout the movie.
The box is so cool and the music is very good.
Its hard to explain but it just feels like it.
The music even sounds like video games.
The acting is really terrible.
I watched it some years ago.
This may not be casualty.
This is simply the funniest movie I have seen in a long time.
Macy is excellent as always.
Pretty good acting performances by the cast.
Macy is excellent as the depressed Alex.
The story was rather flat and clich.
I recommend you to watch it if you like mature interesting movies.
This is a haunting movie.
His mother breaks her promise and tells his father about the psychiatrist.
This is not the kind of drama that plays well in a movie theater.
Screwball comedy about romantic mismatches in New York City.
At one point Alex tells his doctor that he rarely gets angry.
This movie displays the kind of ensemble work one wishes for in every film.
What an amazing performance from a child.
She is fantastic as a wild young woman who is wise beyond her years.
Macy is the most refreshing little actor I have seen in awhile.
The cinematography creates the mood along with a very subtle musical background.
Very fine acting by all.
A sleeper that deserves wide attention.
I really liked this film.
One of those rare films that Hollywood Really does not make anymore.
It earns it is praise.
Everyone is either loving or hating this film.
I am going with loving.
It is so well shot and so well acted.
This film is for people who appreciate well crafted film making.
What a surprising treat to come across on late television.
But the film works.
The look and feel of the film is perfect.
I gather from reading the previous comments that this film went straight to cable.
And the use of restaurants in the film was fascinating.
Macy and Donald Sutherland.
I laughed and smiled all the time.
In a movie about the choices we make and the consequences we live with.
The impact stays with you right after you leave the theater.
This is the kind of movie Hollywood needs to make more of.
Just people dealing with being people.
I recently caught up with this little gem of a film on cable.
One always wonders about the secret life of hit killers.
He has to see someone to help him find peace with himself.
In going to Dr.
One of the best things in the movie is the late John Ritter.
He is equally convincing as Dr.
He is a natural actor in everything he does.
She shows a capability and range that are incredible.
He shows a maturity beyond his years.
Macy is such a great actor.
I highly applaud the casting of Tracey Ullman as the neglected wife.
Almost everyone knew what they were doing.
8 out of 10.
I am absolutely crazy about the show.
I think the entire cast is excellent.
That is really sad.
I hope they will bring it back .
Hope Davis really shines in this show.
I like the idea of SIX DEGREES.
It really makes sense in this insane world.
gone are the days of endless taping.
This was an excellent show to watch with a great cast.
Why can not the networks get it right.
I have complained to ABC about the cancellation of six degrees.
This deserves a 12 out of 10.
An absolutely refreshing show with real characters and real stories.
The scenery is amazing and wardrobes are exquisite.
They are all great.
It seemed like all the actors are personal friends in real life.
The characters are all likable and you root for them.
Big kudos to all the cast.
The show audience will mostly record it.
The new stream media will gain more and more popularity among viewers.
Six Degrees we will miss you.
Which is apparently a bit too late for the eager networks.
Everything here no one really needed to know.
This show showed great promise.
This show is totally worth watching.
However this show was believable with likable characters and marvelous story lines.
I do not think this show was given enough time to gain an audience.
I believe that given more time this show would have done very well.
Once again ABC is not giving a show with real potential a real chance.
I really loved the characters and looked forward to watching each episode.
Some things are just worth saving and this show is definitely one of them.
Even the kids are great.
So sad that it is gone.
Of course I wonder about the reasons it was canceled.
There is no way I will let myself believe that Ms.
It was in the perfect time slot in this market.
I have watched all the episodes again on ABC.
Put season one on video and sell it.
I was a loyal fan of Six Degrees and waited for it is return.
I set my recorder to tape all of the shows.
Thank God for that.
I just found out that the show was canceled and I'm heart broken.
The writing was pretty good also.
This is the best and most original show seen in years.
The more I watch it the more I fall in love with it.
I personally like every character.
There are so few shows I watch anymore as most TV is awful .
I am so sick of reality shows I do not watch any of them.
Now I want MORE.
WAY too much drama.
I can not seem to get enough.
Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there.
This could be one of the best shows of all time.
If somebody will just let it.
Six degrees had me hooked.
I thought it was just on hiatus and would be back early in 2007.
We could relate to the characters who had real problems.
We talked about each episode and had our favorite characters.
This show was Fabulous.
Even Jonathan Cake the philandering boyfriend was likable.
Some of us are not sheep.
i hate how we never find out how everyone ends up.
I loved the entire cast too.
I wanted to see what would happen to Laura or Damien and everyone else.
This is really such a downer.
It may be mild action but it is action.
Once again every member of the cast fits perfectly.
Matt Damon will forever be Jason Bourne.
How they do it I will never know.
Only his inhuman resilience leads the film a little too far into fantasy.
Its all about the action.
A scene set in Waterloo with a Guardian journalist does this to great effect.
This movie was excellent.
They never treat the audience like idiots.
All the actors were solid in their performances.
I recommend this film and the trilogy.
This sequence got repetitive and ultimately dull.
This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization.
These sequences add realism to the film in feeling.
The third and last film of this trilogy is finally crystal clear.
It is a political film more than a plain entertainment.
So go and watch the film.
These scenes proved effective because of that approach.
And the action scenes are rather impressive.
I would been waiting for this since before they started filming.
Identity and Supremacy both flowed gracefully between adrenaline rush action to introspective drama.
This movie felt choppy at times.
That caused the following action to feel too frenetic.
All the martial arts training the actors went through was totally wasted.
Get some interesting shots.
They thrust new names and faces upon you from the get go.
Felt rushed or compressed for time reasons.
After you catch up however the story is quite good.
I thought that was awkward.
Obviously there are only two originals left.
Bourne and Nicky Parsons.
Them teaming up was kind of odd to me.
The other assassins in the movie were pretty quiet.
Those scenes were phenomenal.
The cast in general has degraded as the the series went on.
Clive Owen was practically an afterthought.
Felt like they wanted to get the series over with though.
It was my understanding this was the conclusion.
I thought that was going to be it.
A full circle type of ending.
I did like Nicky reacting to the news report though.
Look at what they make you give.
The final scene was great.
This movie is awesome.
He is this role.
Excellent film all in all and a fantastic ending to an amazing trilogy.
Nothing like his quietly heroic Edward R.
and physics in general.
The story seems to pick up right where the first film left off.
The cinematography is in your face following tight on practically everything.
Just leave it alone.
As talented and versatile as Matt Damon is.
it seems as though he was just meant to play Jason Bourne.
It sticks to what works and adds a little more.
The fights between Bourne and the assassins are always fun to watch.
If you choose to watch The Bourne Ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments.
This allows you to appreciate and enjoy the movie even more.
Matt Damon was simply fantastic as his role as Jason Bourne.
I look forward to seeing more of his movies in the future.
I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown.
I also thought Rachel was terrifically fresh and funny in these scenes.
I think Rachel showed a natural progression in the character that was brilliant.
And she did it with an authenticity and freshness that was totally endearing.
I hope it brings a flood of great roles her way in the future.
I also hope it brings her an Emmy.
All I have to say to that is.
He really becomes Jason Bourne in this installment.
So I went out and bought both the original movies.
And what a surprise it was to me when I was gripped by them.
Because of this I was first in line today to see the Bourne Ultimatum.
The supporting cast of the movie were also absolutely outstanding.
But running throughout the movie is a very well written and well acted storyline.
This storyline concludes in the best way imaginable in this movie.
Well the action in Ultimatum has to be the best of the Bourne series.
In fact the movie kicks off with an action sequence in Moscow.
There was a lot to worry for when the Bourne Supremacy came out.
The stakes were raised and the story was enhanced because of it.
No one could have done it better than Matt Damon.
This is the first 10 out of 10 that I have given any movie.
This shot effectively captures the mood of the film.
The pacing is just incredible.
Ultimatum is its peak.
He has been running for too long.
Matt Damon delivers possibly his best performance to date.
He has the conviction and swelling desire of the troubled assassin.
There are some intelligent humor here and some fine suspense.
The audience was loving it.
All of the goods and then some.
The best of the trilogy.
This is how summer movie thrillers should be done.
I love the Bourne trilogy.
I do not hand out ten star ratings easily.
I think it adds to the suspense.
I loved this movie.
now they wished they had.
I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS.
Now this movie will join my collection.
Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.
And it really manages to captivate your attention for every minute.
I'm a Belgian and grew up in the sixties.
I even got the View Master slides.
I had an urge to see the caped crusader.
All kids need some kind of hero.
They play themselves as they played their parts in the series.
I'm gonna watch it again.
I really enjoyed this.
I watched this last night with low expectations.
I'm glad I did.
It was pretty good.
Adam West and Burt Ward reunite as themselves.
This is told in flashback.
It was well done.
I loved this movie.
now they wished they had.
I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS.
Now this movie will join my collection.
Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.
I'm making a copy for my kids right now.
It was very well done.
This downgrades the accuracy of the flashbacks needlessly.
There are many kinds of reunion shows.
These have mixed results.
New characters are introduced who do not fit the mix.
The Adam West of the movie is a man demented.
The whole thing is extremely funny and done with great panache.
The movie builds to a fairly obvious but funny climax.
I am Black American and I loved this soap opera.
This soap opera was the best soap opera EVER.
They are all alright.
It is the kind of sitcom that grows on you.
The humor is usually very mature too.
She looks good without make up too.
Take a trip back to the greatest time in American history.
This is one of the better comedies that has ever been on television.
Season one was hilarious as were most of the following seasons.
The only good part of the final season was the finale.
A large amount of the show revolves around how their relationship is working.
Kitty is just the opposite.
Bob also annoys Red to his full extent.
This is when the characters are beginning to feel new things for each other.
It is a basic continuation of the First.
The Third Season is my favorite.
It went back and captured the First Season feel and humor.
The Fifth Season is the last season I enjoyed all the way through.
The Fifth Season also had the best ending out of all the seasons.
The Sixth Season is good for the most part.
The Last Season flat out sucked.
I hated the Eighth Season up until the last episode.
It is up to you if you want to buy Season 8.
This show is wonderful.
It has some of the best writing I ever seen.
This show appeals to the young and the young at heart.
I love this show.
I'm not completely sure why.
Not this one though.
They even went to school sometimes.
The following seasons the character where fledged out.
I enjoyed seeing the two characters interact because they are the most different.
Last I will say that the casting of guest actors were always great.
This show is a great history story.
Even down to homosexuality.
She is so desperate to be loved that she destroys everyone around her.
Although I would love to see the unedited version.
The humor is what keeps the show eternally watchable.
They constantly play gags on the Point Place residents as well as each other.
Too bad that that show is on bad time for me.
He got these glasses which h are brown.
We all know what he does when his alone.
He wants to get laid badly.
He even had it with his boss in one episode.
His one big pussy.
Donna is one hot girl.
But I wish it would come back and make more episodes.
The show was absolutely hilarious.
Those were the best episodes.
It will be and always will be the best show ever.
It was really sad when the show ended.
They should make new episodes.
No other show does camera tricks like this.
Overall this is a very funny sitcom.
They are both great characters and always have something funny to say.
She really showed her acting talent before heading to Broadway.
This show has been a delight with many surprises.
and the series lets you forget all that.
I am about three years older than the kids portrayed in the series.
Then there are the parents.
I absolutely LOVED this Soap.
It has been one of my favorite.
I can not wait to see it again and highly recommend it.
Hope you all like it as well.
I do not know how you can like this show.
I would give it 4 out of 10.
before going out doing something they will regret later.
I was so sad they took the show off air.
This was one of the funniest and greatest sitcom to hit national television.
Season 8 was the real problem kicked in.
Season 8 was a little dull but the finale was excellent.
This show has come so far.
They stuck with the show and it was a success.
This is a cute and sad little story of cultural difference.
There was something honest about it.
Rarely does an independent film leave me feeling as good as his did.
A very promising first film.
An imagination is a terrible thing to waste .
especially when you have talented actors.
Anyone who has shared an apartment with a slob will be crying with laughter.
Cross Eyed is a rare gem.
Despite the tiny budget Adam Jones manages to give the film a serious look.
I can not wait to see what he comes up with next.
I had honest laughs.
Just keep going and be who you are.
Dreams are what you make of them.
Hope to see more.
Even the peripheral roles are well written and well acted.
Adam Jones has a brilliant sense of humor.
Cross Eyed was beautifully shot.
Cross Eyed gives hope to every low budget film out there.
That you do not have to spend a lot to create something worth watching.
There is something to like for everyone.
If you have had a terrible roommate.
if you have ever picked on a dork in high school.
if you have ever parked anywhere in the city.
I can not wait for his sophomore effort.
It is only a matter of time before Jones strikes again.
Without that a comedy is just a bunch of ideas.
They sneak up on you.
In this sense the film breathes.
Stepping between reality and surreality IS one of the points of this movie.
The dining room scenes are an absolute HOOT.
Put on your seat belt.
The standouts where the actors.
I also really liked the vigilante duo.
Well done to Adam Jones and crew.
The audience loved this movie.
Cross Eyed will keep you laughing throughout the movie.
Definitely a must see.
George meets and falls in love with the sweet and virginal Dr.
George regains his health and goes back to work.
Worth a look for those seeking something different.
It was really surprising how good this one turned out to be.
The beautiful doctor seems OK with this arranged marriage.
It is simply how it is done in her world.
I was surprised to find myself so engrossed in this operatically tragic tale.
I imagine many viewers were a bit frustrated by all this drama.
I was especially impressed by the extra attention to details.
He has a whole miniature forest built out of these amazing trees.
When i finally got it i found that the video version was longer.
voted ten against all averages for my age and sex.
my summary describes it best in very few words.
I find this movie very enjoyable.
Turns out to be very nice.
Romero can be a bit frantic here but Niven becomes hilariously bemused throughout.
I was having just about the worst day of my life.
But it is really so much more.
The plot is actually quite clever and creatively woven.
Time to watch this movie again.
This is without a doubt the greatest film ever made.
It will all become clear.
the white subtitles tend to wash out and become invisible.
This movie is amazing for several reasons.
Harris takes an extremely awkward documentary and turns it into a relevant social commentary.
He struggles to gain acceptance within his own community to no avail.
There is nothing that I know of that resembles this film.
It is its own genre.
I doubt that anything like it will ever be made again.
And it only gets better with age and repeated viewings.
This is how i felt while watching this film.
Another one of those fact is stranger than fiction pieces of film.
A film not to miss.
I have not seen anything else like it.
conflict with each other.
But some actors portray totally different characters.
Sorry to keep on blabbing.
Once upon a time in a castle.
And Evelyn almost uses the dagger against Kitty.
The grandfather intervenes and the worst is avoided.
They were sisters and hated each other.
But he assures them that this is just an old legend.
This is the very beginning of the film.
There are many twists and surprises in the film.
This is a great Canadian comedy series.
You will be glad you did.
10 out of 9.
TV how TV should be.
I loved this movie and will watch it again.
Original twist to Plot of Man vs Man vs Self.
His eyes conveyed more than most actors words.
I really liked this movie.
Kurt gets angry and kills everyone.
Please note that the below mark is only a guide.
7 out of 10.
I have to say I quite enjoyed Soldier.
Russell was very good as this trained psychopath rediscovering his humanity.
Very watchable and nowhere near as bad as I would been led to believe.
Yes it has problems but provides its share of entertainment.
Interesting mix of comments that it would be hard to add anything constructive to.
This was a very good action film with some great set pieces.
You will note I specified the genre.
I could go on but I have made my comment.
If it is not quite as outstanding an artistic leap as W.
SOLDIER is not as bad as many have made it out to be.
The costumes are like something from a mad max movie .
I fell in love with this silent action drama.
Kurt Russell and only Kurt Russell could have played this so well.
I miss the fact that sequels were never made.
3 or so stars.
I have my reasons.
The portrayal is spot on.
Fear and Discipline we are told.
There are many other subtle themes.
Watch Soldier with an open mind and see what it teaches YOU.
This is a great movie.
The story is very well done and there are no holes.
Jason Scott Lee being one of them.
For a while he lives there but can not adjust to normal life.
The military starts realizing this and Todd kills all of their men but one.
Russell obviously comes out on top.
This has everything you could ask for in a film including some great lines.
Which in a lot of ways are still relevant to today.
Interviews done by a young woman named Lena.
Essentially they are parallel films.
thanks for your time.
I have not seen Soldier 2 but this one it one of my favorites.
Both sequences are quite gripping in different ways.
And you know what it worked.
I do not remember this film getting a cinema release over here.
I only saw it when it came onto cable.
It is almost a mime performance.
David Webb Peoples meets Paul Anderson.
I do not think you will be disappointed.
The Barefoot Executive and his John Carpenter films.
The actors are maybe not so handsome or beautiful but they do act beautifully.
I think this film could make it abroad as well.
I thought it was an extremely clever film.
One of the best Finnish films ever made.
Half a dozen short stories of varying interest enlighten us about life in Finland.
This indicates that the events depicted happen at the same time.
The film improves so stick with it.
The last moments with his wife are both convincing and moving.
Movies like this are good to feed your imaginative power.
I was particularly impressed by two episodes.
This movie has it all.
every type of crime movie archetype character is here.
Truly a great film loaded with laughs and great acting.
I saw this movie with my dad.
It was on Star Movies one afternoon.
It really caught pace after the first half hour.
I can watch this film anytime.
A perfect comedy for a lazy afternoon.
And i remember almost every scene that was in the add.
All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right.
It has enough action and laughs to sustain it.
A perfect laid back Sunday morning movie.
Had never heard of it previously.
A great combination of cast and writing.
This movie needs your full attention.
The humor is mostly in the dialog.
I believe my next viewing will probably be about my 12th.
I like this film for several reasons.
One of the best ones is DISORGANIZED CRIME.
This does not always guarantee anything.
Unfortunately it is a truck carrying manure.
It gets it is meaning across.
The plot is tight.
The acting is flawless.
A lot of comedy involved is them feeling each other out.
He gets the drop on O'Neill and escapes.
Murphy would have written.
She stores every bit of information she collects in an enormous archive.
I like to think of it as much more than that.
This film is a buried treasure.
Give it a try.
Pretty remarkable if you consider the context.
These two characters would not have had much to do with each other.
Like an old friend.
Definitely worth seeing if you get the chance.
Every scene was put together perfectly.
This movie had a wonderful cast and crew.
He has the ability to brighten up any movie with his amazing talent.
This is a movie with a good sense of feeling.
Chances Are uses that marvelous song by the same name throughout the film.
is excellent in this movie.
You will enjoy Chances Are.
I have just seen this movie for the second time on television.
Yet it is executed to perfection.
I thought it was a wonderful plot.
She has a sexy maturity.
is so charming that he melts the screen.
Even his smile is infectious.
Nay Sayers of this film are likely bitter from some seriously unrequited love.
Chances Are had me back a few good times.
I also watch the synergy between the cast.
I thought they worked well together.
you will have to find out for yourself.
by matter of opinion.
You really want to know how things are going to work out.
Enter Robert Downey Jr.
I do not know the answer.
But I do know that you need to see this movie.
It just gets recycled.
A charming romantic comedy.
Suffice to say it is worth seeing.
and Cybill Shepherd are in top form and enjoying every second of it.
He is told he can return to earth but not as himself.
The film is a little on the predictable side.
A lovely and charming fantasy that will engulf and enchant you.
I hope I can find it at a local video store.
I would highly recommend giving it a try if you find it somewhere.
I first saw this movie when I was about 10 years old.
This is really not an ordinary horror movie.
It has some horror elements but I rather categorize it as fantasy.
I liked it but I hoped for a bit more horror and scary scenes.
Now to the plot.
This movie is about a young girl named Anna who gets ill.
She makes a mistake and her father is looking very angry on the painting.
And next time she falls asleep the horror begins.
Her dreams became a horrendous nightmare.
The doctors thought that she fell into a coma or so.
There were a few thing I did not understand in the movie.
First of all it was the ending which I absolutely dislike.
It almost ruined the main horror scene.
I liked the boy.
The actor was awesome.
He was even better than Anna.
Overall a good movie.
I give it a 8 out of 10.
This is a wonderfully written and well acted psychological drama.
I also appreciated the absence of Dr.
Phil psychobabble or New Age revisionism.
The first such scene is very realistic.
I especially thought Charlotte Burke was really excellent here.
Great story and characters.
The only exception for this film was the ending.
It is definitely a keeper.
I heartily recommend it to those who appreciate the stretch of their imagination.
But none where satisfactory.
So Anna decides to draw her father in.
But I have found what I was looking for after 2 years.
While you may find this puppy in your horror section it is anything but.
A much deserved Burnout Central award only seems proper for that performance.
Drawings have never been scarier.
everything starts getting really weird.
The bits with the father are really terrifying.
There seems to be a lot going on in this film.
I love things like that.
This is a way cool fantasy movie.
She really does give a great performance in this film.
A very emotional experience indeed.
I would read numerous reports on its widely touted controversy and explicit sex.
This touch gives her even more believability out necessity.
I can not more highly recommend this thought provoking piece.
Be prepared to invest much thought in this deliberately paced film.
Very unusual fantasy with some truly terrifying moments.
But if you are game for something different this fits the bill.
This film opened to poor showings in the first few weeks.
Such a film of beauty that it is hard to describe.
The music and dancing is of the highest possible quality.
The ultimate homage to a great film actress.
The film is a masterpiece of poetry on the screen.
Like great poetry it is timeless.
There are many details you miss the first time that deserve a second look.
A great film requiring an acquired taste.
Even then it comes second to this masterpiece.
Their music and cinematography leaves you spell bound.
It reveals new layers to you every time you watch it again.
A parody of all the dreams you have ever had.
The film is visually overwhelming but also emotionally breathtaking.
In some scenes the strain definitely shows in her face.
This is not a fast moving film.
Great viewing for art cinema lovers.
This is a great film.
The Hollywood epic films are good.
However suitable for Homer pathos and existentialist reflections.
Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads.
Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone.
She possesses what it takes to keep an audience in captivity.
Her voice is as beautiful as ever and will truly impress you.
She gives her all every time she is on stage.
I will treasure this concert for a very long time.
In love with Burlesque.
especially if you are a baseball fan.
Many people would enjoy this masterpiece if it had at list the English subtitles.
I found this film to be a good family film.
I recommend this picture for the entire family.
Check them both out.
Somebody mastered the difficult task of merging sports with romance.
I never thought it could be done.
but I do like sports and most movies about sports.
This movie was a pretty good mix of the two.
This was a very good movie that could appeal to many.
I can not recall ever watching one.
I also do not recall watching a Jimmy Fallon movie.
She just captivates me that way.
I could smell the atmosphere of Baseball.
I thought the ending was a little abrupt.
I think Fever Pitch will help him out a lot.
It does not spoil the story telling.
Among the cast Irene Pappas as Penelope is the most recognizable to North Americans.
The love is between the two young lovers.
He is funny enough and gets the most laughs.
Barrymore on the other hand is the same old Barrymore.
Mike Leonard September 05.
I would say it will be a classical romantic comedy.
I have to say I was favorable impressed.
The movie shocked me.
Personally i had herd mostly bad buzz.
The best thing about the movie is it is consistency with the relationship.
but this movie did not follow that mold.
I will simply say i like it.
I have to admit that I went into Fever Pitch with low expectations.
I was already preparing some cheesy baseball puns for my review.
But it is real.
This is a great movie for the true romantics and sports lovers alike.
Drew Barrymore is at her best in this movie.
Louis and it is a happy ending all around.
Fever Pitch is a fun enough movie.
You do not have to be a fan to enjoy this film.
7 out of 10.
While the ending borrows heavily from O.
I saw this movie on Thursdays night after having a really boring day.
Why can not I meet a cute nerd like that.
Sunday on a Thursdays.
Probably the fact that we do not have that sport here in Norway.
I rate it a 7 out of 10 as a romantic comedy.
Add one point if you are a baseball fan or romantically involved with one.
That says something in itself.
We expect that from her and she delivered.
But Fallon is the nice surprise in this film.
Fallon delivers his lines with subtle perfection.
But the town council afraid the raw methods carried out by Clint .
The highlights are the burning at Saloon and the climatic showdown at the ending.
Watchable results for this offbeat Western.
The entire film is very well shot and the cast is very enjoyable.
They personalize perfectly the characters.
This film makes a strong comment about the Italian people of the time.
I love them both.
Preparations for historical appointment with Mussolini.
The meeting of two different worlds.
Refuge for a mother with a sad life.
Short filling for a classical victim.
A story about solitude and silence.
A pleading for a ineffable relation with reality.
And with your interior world.
They are both excellent actors and play the main roles of Antonietta and Gabriele.
The movie covers a span of a few hours.
Most of the characters grapple with issues related to their own sexualities.
He acts as a real man who does not beg for pity.
When I read the original many years later I experienced that same sensation.
Then both develop a very enjoyable relationship in spite of their differences.
An unrelentingly passionate romance between two conflicting characters.
Magnificent performances from two pros make a splendid movie well worth seeing.
The film won deservedly Golden Globes 1978 to best Foreign Film.
The reason for that I will not reveal.
Antonietta feels what we feel.
We see how she does her hair to look attractive for the man.
Loren plays the scenes very good as well.
This is a movie you should see.
Our two heroes are not invited for the feast of virility.
She thinks she should be happy.
One of the last shots shows her listening to the news on the radio.
I like many things about the film.
it is a true gift.
This SPECIAL DAY is truly special.
A wonder of refinement.
There already are excellent comments dealing with these aspects.
I want to comment on the formal setting of the film.
She has to stay at home since the family can not afford a maid.
There is one exception though.
The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance.
This is a beautifully crafted movie with two of the most talented actors ever.
Loren proves here that she is an actress of caliber when well directed.
Entirely shot in natural locations in the Mediterranean.
The cast is brilliant and international here.
Strange that he was never offered roles of this dimension afterwards.
There were not many versions of the Odyssey before or after that.
Perhaps I missed something during the coarse of the series that explained that part.
Both of these are more epic than anything I have ever seen or read.
I highly recommend this.
The only merit in the film is that earth does face overpopulation.
A later film like Escape From New York is an obvious progeny.
In this movie the year 2022 looks much like the seventies.
8 out of 10.
The human race breeds like roaches with no outside influence to curtail it.
the human race still multiplies like bacteria in a petri dish.
6 billion and growing.
One can only hope to ever achieve and retain such humility themselves.
This film shows what can be done shot on video.
Both Charlton Heston and Edward G.
There should be more scenes of what they do to people.
How people act in 2022.
Even if you still know what the secret is it is a great movie.
Not often have i had the feeling of a movie it could be visionary.
But clearly this movie has the seed of a premonition.
A snapshot of ourselves at old age.
The only people who can live in comfort are the rich.
Great scenes with Edward G.
TV is a good wash brain.
Since writing all stop.
If you like reality show this movie is not for you.
If you believe all politician same too.
You are almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.
The characters are wonderful.
The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty.
The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.
Many a film buff and environmentalist believe this is our eventual history.
The first is a food executive named William R.
At the time it was actually a huge box office success.
It was actually at least fifteen years ahead of its time.
If you look closely you will see everything usually makes sense.
After that it was all overblown disaster epics and big budget crowd pleasing trash.
Environmentalists always hail this film as showing the consequence of global warming.
We have exhausted the planet and we have to eat our dead to survive.
This was the farewell performance of Edward G.
And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G.
Just when you thought you would seen everything .
The film begins with a murder and a subsequent investigation headed by Charlton Heston.
Robinson in his final screen performance as the crusty sidekick to Heston.
I never would have thought it.
I prefer more vulnerable heroes.
I can understand why some people would turn their noses up at this movie.
had a twelve film Charlton Heston retrospective.
Their chemistry together is wonderful.
I just wonder why this film has not played in theaters all these years.
Its reputation should be better.
All of which makes his key scene in the movie all the more poignant.
Several things make this film a classic.
The story is solid.
The music is absolutely perfect.
This was the icing on the cake for the film.
Directed by Emilio P.
Still I was never bored.
As a camp classic I give this an 8.
It could have been much worse and it often was.
I can not say more without spoiling things.
They certainly do not make movies like these anymore.
Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give solid performances in this beautiful but empty film.
The irony is that Dietrich plays a woman with a beautiful but empty life.
well I'm not sure.
I can not help but think he would have been wonderful.
She looks great and wears some terrific clothes.
I heartily agree with the other reviewers who rave about the Technicolor.
Aubrey Smith as a wise old priest.
THE GARDEN OF ALLAH was the first Technicolor film to be shot on location.
Selznick finally gave in.
The remainder of the film was shot on a Hollywood sound stage.
I loved This Movie.
the Movies is about some serial killer killing off four girls.
I discovered this film after reading the book that inspired it.
But I found the primary appeal of this movie to be aural.
This is easily a 9.
He is the perfect psychopath.
A movie certain not to be forgotten soon by the viewer.
Just got out and can not believe what a brilliant documentary this is.
Rarely do you walk out of a movie theater in such awe and amazement.
This film was amazing.
It is an inspiring piece of cinema.
This film id a true example of man vs.
nature and sometimes man vs.
The inner turmoil and triumph is tremendous in its subject matter.
This film sheds light on a particular culture that has never been showcased.
I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival.
But it was so much more.
She sends him a letter inviting him to come and visit her students.
Although this is technically about blind Tibetan kids climbing Mt.
Her look over her shoulder at her Iraq tour was .
God Save our country.
Pleases help me with this.
If so who would I contact.
I will gladly pay for the privilege providing it is a legitimate link.
Thank you so much for any help you can offer.
These are NOT fatal flaws of the film.
What this movie further shows is a truth common to all wars.
This film illustrates the costs to the men and women perfectly.
A more balanced point of view would speak to a larger audience.
I am reminded of my father and his brothers returning from WWII.
For one of my uncles the war was never over.
For him the memories not only lingered but tortured him.
The tag line from the Vietnam war film Platoon says it all.
I saw this film tonight in NYC at the Landmark Sunshine.
I gave it an 8 only because it had received such low votes.
this is definitely really about a 5.
that sometimes gets old.
It also portrays the effect that killing has on the human psyche.
Now the conditions may be better in most of those countries.
at least on some level.
Darkness in Tallinn was made in 1993.
He has tried his best to infuse as many possible doses of Estonian humor.
This is why one can call it a comedy film of political undertones.
A nice film to watch on a sunny day.
I first saw this at a foreign film festival.
RENT OR BUY IT NOW.
This film is a wonderfully simplistic work.
I would recommend this film to anyone.
Some genre films need to be dressed up.
This one was an exception.
He invites her out to dinner.
This incident scars her.
They strike a friendship.
He also does drugs and Maya starts using as well.
In other words introduces her to a different world.
Rosario Dawson portrays the role with focus and endurance.
This film deserves an award.
I hope this group continues making films.
We already know what the film is about.
The creepiest being the opening scene in the morgue.
And the audiovisual maze was sinister.
I agree that this is an incredibly brave film.
This movie leaves the intellectual mind thinking and trying to analyze the story.
I too can not understand why people would trash this movie.
This movie presents high degree of realism.
I can not wait to get the soundtrack.
And hard to forget.
Too bad it was way too blunt for a widespread appeal.
I rented this movie simply because Rosario Dawson was in it.
Some people think they enjoy film but they are sadly mistaken.
Entertainment is rarely artful and even then only arbitrarily.
Descent is a film.
The film as a whole is beautiful.
All this accomplished by Rosario with facial expression and gesture.
The worst things that happen never leave you.
They are always in your thoughts.
They haunt you until that last thing releases you.
I have seen Irreversible and can understand the comparisons.
I certainly did and intently.
I'm 24 years old.
The way the film drags made it realistic to me.
not the act itself.
not the vengeance or the meaning behind it.
I had a great time.
I give the movie 7.
5 starts out of a possible 10 stars.
You can envision the typical college environment with wild parties and flirtations going on.
The photography in this film was excellent.
It appears like any other relationship in the beginning.
Both played this well.
Very innocent flirtation between the two.
He invites her to his apartment and everything falls apart.
The apartment is very dreary and dark.
This actually reminded me of a dungeon.
Here is where he shows his true colors and proceeds to rape her.
This is a very dark and gritty rape scene.
This scene is not for the young or weak at heart.
Maya now starts to lose her soul to drugs and sex.
She falls into her own abyss.
He is actually the one who introduces Maya to drugs.
They begin a relationship of dependency which comes into play later in the movie.
The club scenes at this point of the movie are photographed with extreme expertise.
What unfolds next is not actually whats happening.
She acts interested in Jared.
She appears to be looking to revive the relationship and be sweethearts again.
I was sitting there saying could this really be happening.
Nothing could be farther from the truth.
Now her apartment is dark and gritty.
She has him strip down completely.
She then teases him like any woman can.
This is where Adrian reenters the picture.
She thinks this is the final revenge.
It only makes matters worse.
I would just be a little hesitant if under 17 years of age.
The directing and photography must also be commended.
It was a night that I enjoyed.
Deadpan humor taken to the extreme.
I still hope to see this one again with English or Dutch subs.
A documentary without a loss for words.
A thumbs up if you are in the mood for something completely different.
At times the visual experiment here is as exhilarating as it can be irritating.
Considering it is his first movie he did a good job.
It should go pretty well.
The cast was great.
Surprisingly I thought Dylan McDermott gave the best performance as a homicidal cop.
I was really expecting a lot of cheesiness to be honest.
I would say it is worth seeing.
All the performances have a freshness and vitality about them.
He was great from the beginning.
Maybe the same is true of Spielberg.
There is no such a thing as perfect murder.
He kills his partner Jim Ferris who had plans on going solo.
And returns for one more question.
How he makes the omelet and everything.
Back for one more question.
At least that is the feeling this movie left me with.
His charismatic personality was highly infectious.
But this is still a great episode.
However it improved afterwards as the Valentine Party commenced.
The earlier murders are frustratingly devoid of gore.
He is a mystery writer who plots to perform the perfect murder.
The climax is the most disappointing aspect of this episode.
I am a big Beatles fan.
I was not disappointed by this movie.
The writers of this story knew these men very well.
I sat down to watch this film with much trepidation and little hope.
At times it seemed that Harris was channeling Lennon.
I am quite sure the Beatles would have come back together at some stage.
And I am quite certain that Lennon and McCartney would still be friends today.
I will watch it again and again.
this was a real guilt pleasure .
I still wonder why I watched this movie.
The ending was also very smart.
My favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene.
I remember how hard it was when John was shot.
I was impressed with his accent and mannerisms.
Jared Harris is also very talented and was quite believable as John.
What an AMAZING movie this was.
The comedic aspects of the movie were wonderful.
Worthy of at least an 8 out of 10.
But I was more than a bit pleasantly surprised.
You also certainly wondered how things went.
I do like the way most of the episodes focused on comedy.
scrappy was a breath of fresh air to the show.
Back to the show.
All the episodes and segments were very funny.
If you have never seen these episodes please do.
The character was tiresome and distracting to the story that was being told.
This show started out with great mystery episodes.
I think everyone is in the first 15 or 16 episodes.
Some of the voice actors became unavailable.
So they had to make more shorts.
I wish they were mysteries like 15 episodes.
Still it is a good show.
Valentine is now one of my favorite slasher films.
The death scenes are elaborate and the most of the acting is good.
The exception to the list of good actors is Denise Richards.
She was horrible in this.
Both films have a lot of smiles through the tears.
Both are Art movies that would get directly to the hearts of the viewers.
A film to live with.
It will display the overwhelming love of life along with human eccentricities.
It was packed with excitement and surprises.
Cactus and Terry win the titles in the end.
Big heat for Tyson.
R is even out of breath.
But at the Royal Rumble a new contender had emerged.
Stone Cold Steve Austin.
1 contenders for the tag titles.
I love this movie.
It was one of my favorite movies.
The action never stops.
The whole movie was done very well.
The ending is really good.
It was very original.
Whoever thought up this movie gets a standing ovation from me.
The acting was great.
Luke Perry did an excellent job once again.
I give this movie the highest rating.
The film has one Peach of a line.
This movie was pretty good.
This film is full of surprises.
The only thing that this movie had too much of was exploding cars.
Not as bad a film as i thought it would be.
It has a good cast.
Also a good use of unseen locations such as Luxembourg.
This film is underrated.
It was truly sweet and heartfelt.
Instead the issue is Victor is immature and needs to grow up.
It is very interesting and unsettling.
I'm surprised how many people give this move less than 7 stars.
But they just do not understand the movie.
The story is about growing up in a difficult situation.
There is a crazy grandmother who really wants the best for your grandchildren.
And the reason is because they understand the movie.
I feel sorry for the low scores given by some people.
I frankly do not have anything else to say.
Raising Victor Vargas is so true you will believe it.
This flick gets inside your head.
Raising Victor Vargas is a movie you definitely need to see.
It is so much like real life with what teenagers have to go through.
Thats how much feeling this movie has.
It made me feel real sorry for him like it was real.
The convoluted plot held my interest throughout.
A second viewing might just clear this up.
This movie works because it feels so genuine.
and thankfully not filled to the brim with cutesy pop culture references.
or as Bicycle Thief did.
This film is quite an achievement.
but Raising Victor Vargas is easily one of the best.
I have a feeling that this is a film that will be remembered.
although I have to admit that Bully was a cut above his normal fare.
Raising Victor Vargas is one film you will kick yourself for missing.
This movie feels like a film project.
Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though.
This provides for some predictable but well done conflict.
A good watch but nothing stirring.
But I found nothing inauthentic or exploitative about these kids.
Let a thousand plastic flowers bloom.
He is a natural.
From a cinematographic I thought there was great use of light and texture.
This is just one of those films that is very culturally specific and particular.
True fans of film will love this authentic movie.
The dialog is great.
I felt that the natural lighting enhanced the character of the film.
Splendid supporting cast makes this a fun mystery to unravel.
I always enjoy Thomas Gomez.
His mad facial expressions made up for the off kilter stick sync.
8 out of 10.
is unsung hero of this and many movies.
A few twists that keep you moving.
But Curtis just seems to give up.
But the film survives this weakness.
People who do not like slasher movies will not like this movie.
As simple as that.
At least it does for me.
Cook deserved some acclaim for his frenzied performance.
Elisha Cook Jr was DUBBED in the movie.
The mopey bartender gives them both the eye as they leave.
Curtis is convicted and sentenced to die.
They visit the supposed witnesses again.
I laughed out loud.
Thomas Gomez is always reliable.
I do not know why it is considered as classic.
His use of shadows is quietly effective.
Glad I got it.
And the bartender remembers Scott but not the woman.
Neither does the cab driver.
There is some great storytelling done in the camera.
It is a terrific picture to look at.
I thought Tone was a little hammy.
is so delirious it has to be seen to be believed.
Another standout scene is when Kansas goes after the bartender to question him.
Some real good tension in there.
Sometimes these are the best kind of dates.
God knows why she stuck by him.
It moves quickly and just looks fantastic.
There are only a few flaws that prevent this from being perfect.
Tone gives a dreadful performance.
Also Curtis is stiff and bland as Henderson.
Also the last scene when the murderer is after her never rings true.
Still I'm giving this a 9.
This is definitely a move in the right direction.
Denise Richards stands out here as a fun character.
I loved her in this movie.
It may not even sneak into the top fifty.
Little by little she starts putting pieces of a murder mystery puzzle together.
You will know the scene once the last cymbal crash has finished ringing out.
Franchot Tone phoned this one in.
This is a film that will hook any viewer from the beginning.
The killer is not revealed until the end.
She holds her own against much more experienced actors.
This movie will not disappoint.
Nevertheless I was engaged by the hook of the Phantom Lady.
He is no stock villain.
Superb character actor Elisha Cook Jr.
The rest of the supporting cast is also more than competent.
I got it for Christmas after two months of dropping hints to my parents.
I am glad that I did that.
I would recommend this game to anyone from the age of 13 and over.
The graphics a pretty good in this James bond game.
One is Bond focus.
The other notable feature is the stealth and mle kills.
The basic game does have other flaws.
It ties in with the aspect that you are a deadly and ruthless spy.
I'm not a follower of a certain movie genre.
Unlike Urban Legends the screenplay and the story line is very weak.
Everybody has loved the soundtrack as far as I know.
I am glad I did.
It was very entertaining listening to Sean Connery and playing the game.
The only thing I might change was the upgrade system.
I really liked the Q copter.
I think the developers did a good job.
Pulley as Big Jule.
I find it to have a rather shrill quality.
I will not try to speculate as to what Brando was attempting.
Guys and Dolls has to be one of my favorite musical movies ever.
It is a very fun movie to watch and nothing more.
Big splashy film of the Broadway music.
The songs are all good and the dancing is incredible.
The real show stopper is at the crap game at the end.
Her song and dance numbers are definite highlights here.
I give it a 7.
The dialog is also unique in that no contractions are used.
A real joy is the MUSIC.
Not bad for a director with no experience in this type of movie.
Another quality is that it is fresh each time one sees it.
Frank Sinatra is that devilish Nathan Detroit.
Those dance and singing routines are fabulous.
She was pleasantly surprised by the singing voices of Jean Simmons and Marlon Brando.
Directed by Joseph L.
It would be easy to call Guys and Dolls great.
This is what the musical genre was made of.
Frank Sinatra was wonderful.
Nothing else needs to be said.
It is a true classic that can be appreciated at any age.
It connects with all audiences and makes you smile and laugh.
The storyline can be told in two sentences.
The acting is very uneven.
Delightful and very different.
Guys and Dolls is a movie itching for a remake.
Its two main stars are either dead or 409 pounds.
The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious.
whatever it is called.
I really did not like the art direction in this film.
The fake Times Square was just so completely phony it drew attention to itself.
Jean Simmons shines as Sarah Brown.
I love this movie.
My only disappointment was that some of the original songs were changed.
I really thought Jean Simmons was perfect for this part.
I thought the movie was well cast.
A must for old school horror fans.
you have been forewarned.
I got cider in my ear.
wish some guy would sing like that to ME.
She really makes you feel for Adelaide.
maybe I like them equally.
One of the best things about this movie is their lingo.
Guys and Dolls is a unique play based on the characters.
Nathan ran a crap game in the missionary the night they were gone.
The songs in this movie are just wonderful no matter who sings it.
Vivien Blaine had a terrific voice and was the perfect Adelaide.
We watch a magnificent cast of characters that were typical of the area.
Some of the songs from the original production were not included in the film.
These were distinguished actors that could have made an amazing contribution.
The look follows closely the fashions of the times.
Frank Sinatra is good as Nathan Detroit.
Vivian Blaine is a delight.
Stubby Kaye makes a wonderful job out of reprising his Nicely Nicely Johnson.
Isle of Man locations.
They have a great website which is worth checking out.
I think all you people are expecting too much.
and that is my opinion.
I have seen this movie twice with my teenagers who love it.
Kathleen Turner shines as the stepmother.
The melancholy prince is a great departure from the typical swashbuckler.
Hopefully Blockbuster or Amazon will start stocking this one sometime soon.
this film was almost a great imaginative film.
This movie was an imaginative twist on the Cinderella theme.
Everything but production values.
And you can almost never say that.
Most films would never even expect such a thing of you.
The acting ties much of this story together.
I see myself in this.
I see how I saw the world.
I personalized and identified with his character.
I could NOT really feel sorry for these two.
Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively.
They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous.
I felt his role should have been elaborated.
The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient.
I actually wanted to be a part of this family.
They were so realistic.
It is VERY depressing until pretty much the very end.
A horrible tragedy strikes a Montana family.
But they just can not.
Something is blocking this family from sharing their sorrows.
The story is very quiet and naturalistic.
These boys have apparently never taken a hunter safety course.
Second man then passes him the gun through the fence.
He does not even run for help after his brother is shot.
His family seems to shun him.
Perhaps they are even angry at him for killing his brother.
They really do not even try to talk to him.
The acting is hauntingly distant in most cases.
Some even may be advised to bring some tissues.
8 of 10 stars.
I do not think a movie like this would be released today.
The performances are all top notch and quietly nuanced.
I want to thank all of you who saw this movie and enjoyed it.
not to mention the affect everything had on my mother and little sister.
Harder even to believe that people were still watching it a year ago.
Our thoughts and prayers are with each and every one of you.
I first saw this when it premiered more than ten years ago.
I saw it again today and it still had a big impact on me.
I really like this film.
I think this movie should have been in theaters.
I enjoyed it very much.
Every character had an element of the color purple in them.
Good Job to all the cast and crew.
I thought this movie was good.
Plus a movie with Michelle Rodriguez is always good.
I finally watched it this week and what a delight.
Adrian and her coach were also quite good.
Another powerful chick flick.
That alone makes the movie worth the price.
Diana decides boxing would be a good way of focusing her anger.
I liked the relationship between Diana and Adrian.
Santiago Douglas as Adrian is excellent.
Watch how their emotions towards each other are shaped by the squared circle.
You could tell that she was a tough woman.
She is more a bad girl and that is what I like about her.
I recommend it to be seen.
Diana is a feminist.
The movie points out the problems some families face with gender.
I was a bit concerned with the ending.
I think it was pretty clear by the title that she would win.
Loved the score for some of the scenes.
All actors had chemistry on screen and made this movie even more amazing.
This movie is a real gem.
But I do not want to discourage people from watching this film.
I gave it an 8.
There are some remarkable performances here.
Check out this movie.
But I was wrong.
It just looked real I think.
but not by a girl.
Diana has trouble at school.
She just can not stay away from fighting.
At home her father is constantly putting her down.
But that is not at all what this is about.
That way you can deal with more problems at once.
How positive things can make you grow.
Also Michelle Rodriguez is very good in the lead.
I think she and Adrian were great actors.
Because of this movie I Am Boxing too.
It really impressed me.
the only negative part I think.
But you do not get to see how it is at home.
I had a great time watching it.
I really enjoyed Girl Fight.
It something I could watch over and over again.
Very convincing might I say.
She had so much compassion and yet so much hate at the same time.
Even though he loved her he was really hateful.
The love story was a part that i really enjoyed in the movie also.
I felt the passion the y had for one another.
I thought it ended just right.
After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her.
Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on.
The plot is strait forward enough.
Diana almost literally changes from a girl to a woman.
She wants to box.
All Diana wants is to be treated like any other guy.
Not looked down upon because she is a woman.
She steals money from her father to begin training.
Santiago has been instructed to save it for his next bout.
With their narrow hips they can run faster.
And they have greater muscle mass and upper torso strength.
This sexual bifurcation is the result of the perfectly normal process of natural selection.
I speak to you as your anthropologist.
Douglas refuses to fight a woman in the ring.
And Rodriguez is offended by what she sees as his patronizing attitude.
And I would never heard of the director or of any of the performers.
But I was surprised at how neatly this is put together.
The total absence of bathos left me open mouthed.
The whole plot could be considered formulaic.
Different from those we see on TV and in ordinary movies.
There ought to be more films like it.
The movie opens in a high school in the middle of a ghetto.
Only Diana herself can decide what to do.
Too bad that Michelle Rodriguez wasted herself in Hollywood movies after this one.
Casting unknown Michelle Rodriguez as Diana was a stroke of genius.
Her acting inexperience actually works in her favor.
We have never seen her before so it really feels like her story.
She also brings across genuine toughness.
Diana is doing poorly in school.
From there the story winds down toward the inevitable.
the two meet in the amateur title fight.
Kids with tough lives growing up in rough urban areas fall back on sports.
A lot of professional boxers have risen from these circumstances.
So this time it is a girl.
A film did that.
So much so you can almost smell the sweat.
Diana has found her element.
The film clearly shows you how unfair life is for some people.
If only movies were still this good.
and she was supposed to buy you a drink once.
she kinda stood you up.
We all want a second chance at things.
What a great message and what a great delivery by this movie.
I knew I was going to see this when I saw the first preview.
Disney might just be on to something here.
yet another sports story based on truth.
The Rookie kept me smiling from beginning to end.
The little boy that plays his son was fantastic.
The messages are good ones.
Failing at the pursuit is alright as long as you try.
The excitement is palpable.
I believe this movie will be a classic.
This is the best picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way.
The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all in there.
Worth every minute in the last analysis.
The film had many fundamental values of family and love.
It expressed human emotion and was an inspiring story.
There were a few charged symbols to look for.
The cinematography was acceptable.
It was plainly filmed but had a nice soft quality to it.
The story begins from the year 1909 when Celie is only 14 years old.
She has given birth two children for her father.
Celie has a younger sister Nettie with whom she is inseparable.
A widower lays his eyes on Nettie but their father gives Celie to him.
It is the beginning of an era of horrible abuse and constant controlling.
The cast is amazing.
I have never seen him in a such an evil role.
You can really connect to the story of the strong sisterhood.
Big applauds to Mr.
but something is clearly missing from several key scenes.
5 hour movie could have been reduced to about a 2 hour movie.
this a great Disney flick.
this is a great family film.
it is fun and entertaining.
adults will enjoy this movie as well as kids.
It is a beautiful and inspirational film.
This was truly a great movie.
Jay Hernandez is also a very likable actor that is very enjoyable to watch.
I love movies like this as they really are very inspirational.
Things just happen to fall into place and makes everything click.
These movies neither insulted your intelligence no manipulated your emotions.
The heroes differed little from the crowd.
They shared the same feelings and bore the same burdens.
Hancock and Rich encapsulate their entertaining oddball biography in a halo of mysticism.
The spirit of baseball oozes from the earth like petroleum.
The constant moving takes a toll on Jim Junior.
Living dreams with the family is what this one is about.
This movie is about development.
It has it all and more.
This is one of my favorite sports movies.
This movie has several things going for it.
The participants are believable and capable.
Since then I must have watched it at least three times.
These are just normal people who have dreams like you and I.
He rushes over and reaches out to his family.
and it ended with baseball.
It is a great underdog story and a very friendly family movie.
4 out of 5 Stars.
I love it when they actually do a sports story well.
So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch.
All in all a highly recommended film.
Her only solace in her miserable life comes from her sister.
I could not imagine a better choice for Captain Holland than Richard Dean Anderson.
A highly faithful adaptation of John J.
This will leave you breathless.
It could just as easily have made its debut on the big screen.
Forget the jaded comments that come before these.
Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.
On balance a small masterpiece.
This film is like an allegory of the gospel.
This little city in another city lives own life and things are going fine.
Our character gets a wonder dove from his dead mother.
it certainly deserved it.
i am sure you will enjoy it very much.
There is no attempt to intellectualize.
Cinema in its purest form.
I think I read this was widely criticized at the time of its release.
Twin moons illuminate the blood red sky.
A flicker of recognition crosses his face.
The girl sniffs the air.
I do not like the look of this place.
I keep thinking we are being watched.
The Doctor wags a disapproving finger.
Unfairly derided at the time of its original U.
Mannequins come to life and attack her.
What is more important is how good a script this is.
Ten million people tuned in to see the new Doctor.
Full marks to Billie Piper here.
The regeneration scene at the end is beautifully played.
I recently saw this film and enjoyed it very much.
If you enjoy thinking when watching a comedy then this one is for you.
Low budget meets lower budget with High laugh content.
This is a movie for Canadians and Americans alike.
So it is not surprising that Hollywood North focuses on those kinds of relationships.
The script is flawless and the performances are top notch.
A 10 out of 10 from me.
When I saw it I loved it and became thrilled.
It became my favorite short film and made me appreciate the format so much.
First of all I must say that it looks AWESOME.
I like the small time and I love the acting.
I love the simplicity and I love the love.
It left me feeling very good.
There is something about the earnestness in it.
it is so frank.
I enjoyed it very much in that way.
I definitely recommend it.
The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent.
Three memorable shorts focus on the love between a parent and a child.
It takes but a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky.
You just have to keep your heart open to see it.
But I wish I had.
But I'm nit picking.
I thought both pieces very well observed.
There are also a number of memorable quotes.
it is a very nice movie and i would definitely recommend it to everyone.
some of the scenes are very great and some are just boring.
The actors are flawless and the directing is superb.
I absolutely loved it.
A movie has never made me so happy.
This is an outstanding movie.
His facial reactions to the verbal abuse of a disgruntled Frenchman are priceless.
A little Oscar Wilde humor can add levity to any relationship.
Some of the vignettes are poignant and even dark.
I can go on reflecting on all 18 small gems.
I like some of them very much.
So refreshing and educating.
what you read is a spoiler enough.
Greetings again from the darkness.
18 directors of 18 seemingly unrelated vignettes about love in the city of lights.
Delightful film directed by some of the best directors in the industry today.
so much for tech stuff.
Several brought up some emotions for me.
I admit I am affected by love in cinema.
when it is presented in something other than sentimentality.
The Color Purple is a masterpiece.
If you ever want to see what a movie can do watch this.
The whole does not even come close to the sum of the parts.
No great effort has been made to turn it into a comprehensive whole.
But the wife has some devastating news.
because she is the love of his life.
The tourist and the vampire.
He reflects on their relationship.
An American tells in her French class about her trip to Paris.
They are two lonely mimes.
Thomson is Dad Arthur Bloom.
even without her there.
this was hands down the best film i saw at the festival.
Absolutely one of my favorite movies of all time.
Cameron Grant is one of the best directors doing adult films.
His only rival is Andrew Blake.
The kitchen scene starring Yvonne and Juli Ashton is magnificent.
The use of the butter and milk really makes the scene.
Run out to your video store and pick it up today.
But it really is very tastefully done.
I was pleasantly surprised at just how good it was.
Even the acting was fairly decent.
The plot was more solid than most adult films I have seen.
The camera work was above average.
the lady is always entertaining.
And the story that binds the whole together was an interesting concept.
I do not understand the low 5.
7 rating on this film.
The plot is fairly standard but effectively executed.
The biggest surprise in this movie was the performance of Daryl Hannah.
I found myself at sixes and sevens while watching this one.
Downey is likable as a private detective.
You will experience every human emotion while watching this film.
He is not your typical mainstream purveyor of fantasies.
He is more of a maverick.
I remember laughing aloud in several instances with his ironic remarks.
I was not disappointed a bit with the movie.
Simply one of the best thrillers of the year.
This movie just starts off on the right track.
Which is not to say that they are not tasteful references.
just that they feel very modern and very fashionable.
The cinematography is just.
too perfect for my liking.
I only hope I get to see Cracker Bag again some day.
It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that I remembered seeing Cracker Bag.
Just beautiful sentiment and yet never stooping to being soppy.
There is some terrific cinematography and the lead girl is quite brilliant.
It captures more than the nostalgia of the time.
It has a real heart to it.
It is the Achilles wound of childhood that is exquisite and painful.
A simple story is always effective when done well.
I just hope his next film is not something lame like a shark film.
This was a good movie.
Just caught it at the Toronto International Film Festival.
I encourage anyone of any race to see this film.
The camera footage is great is so was the pacing and editing.
Charisma to burn and a role any actor would kill to get.
and it is futility.
Rating 9 out of 10.
There are four great movie depicting the Vietnam War.
It is a shame it did not get a major release.
It belongs on the shelf of any movie fan alongside the aforementioned movie titles.
Brought back memories of my own post Vietnam war military experiences.
It concentrated on the people who were sent to fight.
I highly recommend this film to anyone looking for another excellent Colin Farrell film.
It got completely shut out.
It also made me laugh at times too.
But he should have gotten nominated for this movie.
I love this movie from top to bottom.
This movie has all those desperate emotions rolled into one ball.
In my opinion it is a great movie and my favorite.
Enjoyable and entertaining film to view.
From the very beginning to the very end.
The acting for every character was superb.
and adult audiences should watch to appreciate the courage needed to do such.
I really like this movie.
it brings out every emotion imaginable.
This movie rates high.
War drama that takes place in Louisiana in 1971.
Farrell successfully covers up his Irish brogue and adopts a pretty convincing Southern accent.
The rest of the cast however is just great.
This film was thrown away by its studio.
Inevitably they cross over.
This is possibly the best short crime drama I have ever seen.
His style of animation is very original.
It takes a few views to notice the detailed backgrounds.
This is a wonderful animation to watch anytime any where.
The plot is strange but very funny.
This short film is about a talking Spatula named Edward.
I laughed a lot while watching this.
Tom has a short role but a memorable one.
Highly recommended for anyone who likes silly humor.
Stuff like this happened and is still happening in the world.
This is a great short.
I can not wait for the full film.
Though I still mean it.
Unfortunately not much else lies below it.
This film is worth watching at least a few times.
I'm not sure that squares with the facts.
Still the film is well done.
Few figures have attracted as much attention from the cinema as Adolph.
I remember this film from many years ago.
Certainly the best film on the subject in my experience.
But they were nonetheless very powerful.
This subject continues to fascinate us even with the passing of years.
I wish it would be shown on TV at least once.
It reeks of sulfurous death awaiting the perpetrators of world war.
The characters seem to be waiting to be walled up in their cave.
Even the Grim Ripper made us smile.
This is a lot better than the first one.
And yet for some reason I feel that it misses something.
Made a better house and girlfriends.
Use clones instead of robots.
When he fell from the sky I split a gut.
This movie is awesome.
Much more funny and entertaining than the original.
George Carlin reprises his role from the original briefly.
Pam Grier also appears in a bit role.
this was one of the most moving movies i have ever seen.
the acting and plot are amazing.
it seems so true to reality and it touches on so many controversial topics.
i recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good drama.
The wannabe rockers sure have made another great movie.
Besides playing roles they have.
Sounds like a good deal to me.
Great viewing for kids and adults alike.
There are at least 6.
Visual creative epic of inimitable style.
This film may neither have the most alternative dramaturgy nor the most artistic acting.
I always liked the cinematography and the sceneries of this movie.
Especially in this point Bogus Journey tops its prequel by far.
I generally prefer the good old effects in big budget movies.
But I think it is this in a very charismatic way.
Also the sound design has no lack.
I love the unorthodox camera work at its beginning.
it is even better than Total Recall.
Narcissistic depression and intellectual ennui are SO corporate.
I thought it was absolutely hysterical.
One of the best movies I had seen.
Only this one is actually funny.
She is excellent as Celie.
You will never forget these characters once you have seen this movie.
They are one of a kind.
This is because it was written by the original writers.
I recommend anyone to see this classic.
This gives the film great dimension and another lovable feature.
The first film had little ambition so nothing sticks to the screen.
This is a surprise.
This is your only spoiler warning.
The writers made up for their shallow first outing with something deep.
See also Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The funny thing was that they played him in stupid little games like clue.
Peter Hewitt does a great job directing this film with a great cast.
The rest of the cast is quite good as well.
This movie is very underrated.
She seems pretty confused but sometimes helps the other characters from their problems.
Saw it as critic at the 49.
I love his way of combining different stories and characters.
This movie is gorgeous.
I tuned into this by accident on the independent film channel and was riveted.
I'm a professional actor and I was flabbergasted by the performances.
Do not miss it.
This film deserves to be flown high and proudly.
I urge people to look it up and watch it.
The story tells itself.
This is by far the best dramatic American film I have seen in years.
A lazy respite from the pressures and tumult of school.
Welcome heat and idleness.
Young bodies carving new silhouettes.
the maze towards adulthood.
It has the seriousness of the long unblinking stare.
Small scenes illustrate large thoughts throughout.
Jim McKay has made one of the best films you will see all year.
There is not one false note in the entire film.
The three young ladies whose lives we follow are always real.
These are just real girls trying to find themselves.
I can not wait to see what Mr.
The have impoverished educational systems and lack direct contact with achieving role models.
This movie would have been better off without both.
Not so much because of its looks but because of the inventiveness of it.
The existence of Hector actually puts the cherry on top.
What I missed was the background information.
Another character who helps this stand out is the Goon.
This time it is a huge skeleton dragon with fiery eyes.
The animation is great.
The voices and the sounds are top notch.
Too bad the story is as simple as one can possibly imagine.
No real character development or story twists.
Not even the ones I would expect from a movie with such a plot.
Travel the world offering up their services as dragon hunters but never getting paid.
In desperation the king hires the dragon hunters to stop the world eater.
Zoe of course tags along.
Its all really well done.
If you get the chance see this.
The world looks like a set of gorgeous paintings.
That was all done in the TV show.
My 3 year old loved it.
So 10 out of 10 from our family.
This movie really takes the idea of CG movies where it should go.
Magnificent vistas like the scene in Monsters Inc.
Animation is quite good.
Characterization is well done too.
This movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time.
Character designs were great and funny.
The animation is stunning.
The artwork behind each and every landscape was beautiful.
From the colors to the lighting to the not standard fare of artistry.
Animators have created an incredibly beautiful world here.
The plot is absolutely romantic.
As romantic as the animated film plot can possibly be.
This is a real eye candy.
A world made of floating islands and flying ancient cities.
Huge monsters whose preferred method of attack is hurling cathedrals at their opponents.
But You will forget that while looking at the spectacular scenery.
This movie is fun to watch while it lasts.
And that takes one hour to get to.
But of course he makes him interesting and curiously appealing.
But it happens and she must face the consequences.
But she can not.
She goes to pieces.
She finds peace and release with this.
She becomes embittered and desperate and she no longer finds solace in religion.
And it gets worse than that.
There are also weaknesses in the action.
It is a movie that might push someone over the edge.
which hardly sounds like a recommendation.
And that says something.
You have to know that going in.
Life is what happens to you.
This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and people.
Her lie causes much sorrow.
Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do.
This sparks anger in her toward God.
It is more bitter than death.
She becomes crazier and crazier and is sent to a mental hospital.
I think that he could be the angel.
It is too easy to say that her life is filled with meaninglessness.
Secret Sunshine was a hot topic of conversation in Korea.
And Lee finds complexity in subsistence.
I saw this film in the worst possible circumstance.
The movie in a word is superlative.
It does not deserve the slanderous review that the writer has written.
You have to take it on faith and that is all.
Thus it is a work of art that is challenging to you personally.
I tend to watch Korean movies just for that reason alone.
I have seen this directors other movies before.
They need to show life as it is.
There in lies the reason why it worked even more.
not the frightening wrecks they are in Gothic.
I would love to comment on this film.
In this glorious telling of a weekend shared among literary greats.
Showing their quests for sexual enlightenment.
Personal freedoms from political to moral.
Liberal drug use for both stimulations and as addiction.
Their creative views of life and writing.
Describing without boring the viewer how each writer seeks to find their muse.
Along with the distractions and affections each share.
With breathtaking scenery that does not detract but very much enhances the story.
Well created characters from grim to loving then angry to peaceful.
With some of the most lovely and scene enhancing costuming to be had.
6 rating is a mystery.
This film is a window into the world of the black experience in America.
Should be mandatory viewing for all white people and all children above age 10.
Shelley suffered from consumption.
Lord Byron suffered the pains of a clubbed foot.
And they were poets during a time when experience was the key.
There was no time for prudish caution.
Passion and experience were a big part of the Romantic Era.
But she stands her ground and experiences things on her own terms.
As was the strength that she inherited from her mother and father.
The actors and actresses in this were perfect for the parts they played.
I can not believe others took such a serious view of all this.
It was a great tribute to the Western serials of years ago.
Extremely interesting and intriguing movie.
But long before that he was churning out generic thrillers in his native land.
What really made the movie at at least good was some terrific acting.
This is truly a film to cry and die for.
Jerome Crabbe has the lead role in this movie.
I saw this movie 6 times and I still am not tired of it.
I have seen all of his movies all except for Showgirls.
My Mom does not like him so much but I disagree.
I wish Jerry Goldsmith never died.
Dutch films are different but still enjoyable.
Men will literally leap when Renee swings out her scissors.
Just watch his Dutch films.
8 out of 10.
it is really a wonderful thriller i enjoyed very much.
i would like thanks Mr.
Gerard is a writer with a somewhat overactive imagination.
The fun is in figuring it out.
and it seems to have been a transitional film for him.
Could this be coincidence.
Proves again what an excellent actress she is.
The way he is playing Christine in that particular scene is exquisite to behold.
And that is all you need to know.
My vote is eight.
I wont spoil it because it needs the surprise element to work.
It really was a pleasant surprise.
I even like the spider metaphor.
Critics called COLOR PURPLE his entrance into intellectual fare.
It is quite an entrance.
There is no blatant revenge taken as might be expected.
Then things get strange.
This film had everything in it.
All of the actors in this film were very capable and well directed.
I highly recommend this movie.
Each episode was built around a real historical figure of the old west.
Each worked well with Davis.
Both filmed the action with polish.
Western fans or history buffs will want to see this.
It was also the first western TV series to win an Emmy award.
He seemed like an actual western character.
A very good early adult western.
The Lone Ranger could only wish for lady companionship.
You can only spend such time with Tonto for so long.
There is something mesmerizing about it.
This movie is a real breakthrough in the visual department.
Cheer to Yves B.
ca delivered it to me in less than a week.
which pops up in an interesting love affair.
The 4 primary actors were fantastic.
Fritz Helmut was convincing.
You believe that he really is sick.
Everybody has problems and those who nobody believes in ends up being happy.
This movie is good.
This movie practically all computer generated.
The music is also excellent.
Theres too much story to cram in 2 hours.
This movie sacrifices story integrity for action.
Not only the ethnic but also the normal people you tend to forget.
The scenes in the chicken warehouses are spectacular.
The comedy is not single issue.
This man is brilliant.
I could not stop laughing for the entire show.
He definitely represents his own little niche in the comedic world.
I could listen all day.
His unique approach to life is quite logical.
Eddie truly is Glorious in this performance from San Francisco.
I do not remember laughing so hard at a stand up routine.
We need more of his shows available.
and I love it.
The topic is exotic and original.
I HIGHLY recommend this one.
Skip over those if you can.
One of the best comedians ever.
He can really say a lot with his eyes.
But you must be intelligent and quick to understand his humor.
What might go so far as to say he is Glorious.
I laughed so hard I left a puddle.
I really hope to see a lot more from this wonderful guy.
Thanks for your time.
I have not done so ever since.
He is above that.
Funniest guy on Earth.
I tried not to laugh too loudly at the first few jokes.
We were asphyxiated after that.
His work is sheer genius.
His comedy appears effortless.
He gives you the impression that the joke is between you .
do you have a flag.
9 out of 10.
One of the very best Three Stooges shorts ever.
My jaws were aching from laughter by the end of the show.
This is truly a feel good show.
Dress to Kill will never get old for me.
I own it and watch it anytime I need a good laugh.
i was flipping channels late one night years ago.
came across this and a wildfire started.
i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know.
please do yourself a favor.
run do not walk.
watch this and enjoy.
This has to be the funniest stand up comedy I have ever seen.
His style is completely natural and completely hilarious.
I had no idea that Mr.
And I do like it.
The film is obviously made by Buddhists.
I am not a Buddhist.
My religion and the vision of the world and human is different.
His show stayed with me afterwards.
You will not regret it.
Immense importance in the history of performing arts.
A classic use of embedded plots.
The fine line between life and art is dazzling.
The plot is also gripping and mysterious.
I first saw this movie when it was released in the U.
This continues up to the climax of the film.
My vote is seven.
The plot is a bit hard to follow.
Somehow it is missing in this movie.
Again I am not going to be picky about these small matters.
It is accomplished here as well as in any.
The music is authentic.
One really needs to see Blood Wedding next to Carmen to appreciate the comparison.
Carmen is one of the best films I have ever seen.
They dance their souls out.
Dance becomes life and entire life is danced out.
The magic is continuing.
Spellbinding is the only word I can use to describe the experience.
This is not a usual film by any standard.
Smith Goes to Washington which took the Oscar in the only category Young Mr.
A definite must see for everyone.
And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker.
How am I supposed to take this seriously.
The twist was even weaker.
As far as the goals set out with Young Mr.
We all have a mountain of swords within us.
We all have to face our own insomnia someday.
I would watch it again.
He has also appeared in 11 Best Picture Nominees.
His quiet and straightforward demeanor was rare then and would be today.
I wanted more story and character development.
It is perhaps the actors best performance.
Alice Brady is fantastic in the role of a simple farmer woman.
But I'm quite used to this because the humor is a Ford trademark.
Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very good.
The early career of Abe Lincoln is beautifully presented by Ford.
Henry Fonda brilliantly captures what we have long believed Abraham Lincoln was like.
It is an aspect of him that has been lost over the years.
When he is telling stories and jokes he has the timing down perfect.
There is a sequence in the trial that had me laughing quite hard.
He shows this gift again in The Lady Eve in 1940.
He goes forward into history.
The movie is fiction but the insight into Lincoln is tremendous.
Definitely worth seeing again.
The film sings of the life of a hopeful young man.
This is not a biographical film of Lincoln.
Massey still remains the definitive Lincoln.
This is where the bulk of the action takes place.
He offers to defend them.
And not an ordinary murder but one of a deputy sheriff.
I will say no more.
In fact Young Mr.
Lincoln very graphically shows the background Lincoln came from.
His assassination assured his place in history.
All this was not lost on Darryl F.
This amazingly wrongheaded analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely fine film critics.
I am working on a doctoral dissertation on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass.
Ford is creating a sort of mythic history of America on screen.
Drums Along the Mohawk is the Revolutionary War.
a very beautiful epic poem.
This film is more documentary than for the sake of acting.
I found it a highly enjoyable look at history.
It is worth watching.
The movie is about the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people.
And in that sense it is exactly accurate.
One detail remains with me years after seeing the film.
The fighting movements of these actors were proficient in every way.
Not only is the action superb but the has a somewhat complex storyline.
there can be one weakness that could be foreseen.
the TV horror movie.
Email me for a chance to see it.
its fabulous to see it again.
He asks who the hell are you people anyway.
One by one they give their true identities.
I have never forgotten it and have never seen it since.
If anyone can trace a copy please let me know.
The ending alone has stuck with me for almost thirty years.
The stooges are always funny when they cook.
I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made.
This is a very hilarious short.
The remake contains most of the footage from that film.
7 out of 10.
The special effects are beautiful and imaginative.
According to the director this movie was popular in Asia.
Some special effects are quite enjoyable.
Machine guns firing huge clouds of smoke.
Thousands of Russians dying.
And they are hilarious.
If the ninjas moved any slower their hearts would stop.
Insert into video and laugh.
One just has to realize that movies like these are not made any more.
This is film history.
The film shows a history of the great investigatory agency.
The human element is never far behind as Stewart weds Vera Miles.
Look for a brief but memorable performance by Murray Hamilton.
He certainly brought the FBI up to par.
Edgar Hoover as well.
But I can see this film as one you either love or you hate.
The backgrounds were complementary to the acting and not at all overpowering the scenes.
Kelly Lin was the new revelation for me.
And I'm going back to reminisce by watching the original again.
Of course in 1959 we did not know about Mr.
Vera Miles as his devoted wife is also good.
But Jimmy is the movie.
The background score is also pleasant.
He even helped bring Communist spies to justice.
Almost all of his personal problems are caused by love of his job.
The colors all had a texture that really set the atmosphere of the film.
Every scene was so fluid they just rolled together to tell a brilliant story.
While it is 48 year director J.
Edgar Hoover headed it.
Some of that time is covered in the film as well.
In real life the Bureau was headed by William J.
Burns of the Burns Private Detective Agency.
Burns was on the periphery of the scandals of the Harding administration.
Stewart and Miles are most assuredly an all American couple.
What else could it be when J.
Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a cameo role in the production.
The FBI accomplishments that the film highlights are undoubtedly all true.
What is significant is what it leaves out.
Never mind the Mafia.
Never mind the lynchings that were still going on in the South.
The interviews of the classic rock stars are titillating and humorous.
because it feels so good and familiar.
The soundtrack was excellent.
Whoever compiled it definitely was in touch with the tunes of each era.
Hopefully they will package them and sell them as a CD set.
I know that he loves what he does and he does it well.
Kept me glued through the entire picture.
Great cast with just fine acting.
I appreciated this nice stylish picture.
This is really worth checking out.
When he goes to Warner Bros.
Maybe sounding like a real movie star would help.
Watched this as a late TV movie last night purely by chance.
The ending is weak.
This is a really interesting film.
May and her husband go to visit their children and grandchildren.
The warmth that should be there is missing.
He dies that night.
She is depressed and unmotivated.
This film will undoubtedly be seen by many in myriad ways.
Sympathies will be divided.
She did what he wanted her to do.
She confesses that she did not love her son and her daughter.
She cheated her husband twice with an intellectual.
My vote is seven.
She bares more than her soul for the screen.
What a moving film.
this lump of a body.
How our bodies change and how we are told it is no longer beautiful.
I love when she begins to change what she wears.
no longer the frumpy wife.
It is a sad and wonderful picture at the same time.
May has stifled her own creativity to raise a family.
It was truly a gem of a movie.
I was pleasantly surprised.
What a neat role.
He is actually enjoying giving her pleasure.
The contrast is the love scene with Bruce.
Bruce is totally absorbed with his own pleasure.
two completely different men.
A must see for serious film lovers.
This English independent is filmed with such great care and quality.
It drew me in relentlessly.
The cinematography is stunning.
This story addresses big issues with the subtlety of an impressionist painting.
This movie is very cool.
This film is still very difficult to find in the U.
It will not disappoint.
Saw this last night and I'm still reeling from how good it was.
This is an excellent film dealing with a potentially exploitative subject with great sensitivity.
Obviously her sexual life was next to nothing.
Darren awakes in May a passion she has not ever known.
May responds by transforming herself in front of our eyes.
The film is a triumph for the director.
Also amazing is Daniel Craig.
He knows how Darren will react to the situation.
The film is rewarding for those that will see it with an open mind.
A truly brilliant performance and an enjoyable film.
Not the stereotypical widowed housewife that was perfect in marriage and motherhood at all.
The story is revealed slowly and realistically.
I highly recommend this movie.
Anne Reid deserves an Oscar nomination for her turn as May.
This is a tremendously gutsy performance by a remarkable actress.
And the only sound is of May in the throes of passion.
Especially since Michell has no qualms about making later sex scenes visceral.
They have squandered what they have been given and are largely empty vessels.
And it is beautifully acted.
As the eponymous mother Anne Reid betrays her wasted life in every gesture.
It was around that point I started to sit up and pay more attention.
But she is also inescapably vulnerable.
No easy out here.
Kudos to director Roger Michell for tackling a fascinating story with verve and empathy.
It only lasted one season.
Every popular Super Hero has one cartoon series that is ultra rare.
Superman books and documentaries never cover or mention it.
Saw this film when it was released and can still remember parts of it.
It more resembles a ghost town with few inhabitants.
She is not aware of that soon she will be very thirsty.
Very tight western with few main characters and still absorbing.
There are numerous reprises of elements from earlier films.
if not the only.
This is a very memorable spaghetti western.
Her performance is very believable.
Mark Damon is surprisingly good in this movie too.
There are a couple of parts that are very amusing.
My only mild criticism of the film would be its ending.
There are very good performances in it.
she is like u have never seen before.
one true great performance.
this movie is truly a very good movie.
the storyline is solid with an amazing screenplay.
the ultimate scene is the end of the movie.
Background music score and the songs are outstanding.
Direction is really the weakest link.
The characters were not developed well.
The end is very interesting.
He has worked on all meticulous details to bring the story to life.
The treatment of the subject is very delicate.
The characters come to life.
The rest of the cast has done a good job too.
The entire cast does an excellent job with the script.
I was very fond of this film.
It kept me guessing till just before the very end what would happen.
One of the better movies about the partition that I have seen.
This movie touches a sensitive topic in a sensitive way.
will not be able to ask them to return the houses.
No wonder that it required a woman to understand the pains of other women.
It is without a doubt the best Hindi movie I have seen to date.
It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story.
Everything about the movie was amazing.
and the acting just took my breath away.
All were perfectly cast.
there is a natural flair in the movie and i felt it right through.
I simply loved it.
For strength of story alone I can not recommend this film highly enough.
His command of expression and nuance is essential to the role.
I do not have words to describe how good this movie is.
The movie kept haunting me for many days.
Some of the scenes you just can not get out of your mind.
The climax is just killer.
Not to be missed.
This movie was absolutely wonderful.
The theme that there is only one religion is truly prevalent in this film.
It is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
There several moments in the film where one is brought to tears.
The film at points is deeply traumatic.
A remarkable film that should be given credit for intelligent characters and storytelling.
I was so totally wrong.
I was haunted by it after watching it.
It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story.
Everything about the movie was amazing.
and the acting just took my breath away.
All were perfectly cast.
If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie.
This movie gives it all.
I recommend it with all my heart.
AMAZING can not describe how excellent it is.
There are probably others I'm omitting.
You will see why.
Please make more fantasy movies like this.
The sound and imagery of the film are stunningly well realized.
It certainly kept me awake that night.
After some more alarms are sounded at intervals so they can not sleep.
Personally I think it is well done and worth it.
The images have been digitally decorated too make them look like baroque pictures.
Every shot is like a piece of art.
Now for the technological nuts and bolts.
Long live old age.
Aristocracy and noble birth vs.
Do yourself a favor and see this riveting film.
It may be the last film by this screen Master.
could have used a better translation for the title.
The setting is Paris during the days that followed the French Revolution.
Grace moves through all the horrors around her without being able of an escape.
The supporting cast also was great.
As an ensemble piece Mr.
This is quite an amazing film to watch.
The use of the memoirs device does give the film a rather episodic quality.
The most dramatic event of the Revolution happens off screen.
Grace can not bear to watch her king be killed.
Her view is that of an aristocrat.
It is a little slow in places but your patience is amply rewarded.
This makes him the most animated and pleasing character to watch.
My dad actually recorded it off the TV.
This film is amazing and I would recommend to child and adult alike.
The Original music score is also far better than the Disney remix.
It is still a beautiful film and I would still recommend it to anyone.
The children are not the only ones looking for this island.
The graphics are magnificent.
The voice acting is varied.
The other voices are bad.
Where both differ is in their execution.
I will come back to that later.
This film is the best fantasy movie in years.
Perhaps the 1999 version will be better.
I would give 9.
It is as if mankind really can not live with too much power.
The collapsing scene gave me patches of Metropolis ending.
This film has everything.
And I have seen a LOT of movies.
I have seen the original English version on video.
I can not believe I'm saying that.
And that would be a crime.
But watch the Japanese one first.
But not this one.
there are always stories behind stories.
you just have to take what it gives you.
ENJOY THE MOVIE AND ENJOY THE RIDE.
I can only assume some influence here.
With healthy references to Jules Verne it is a basic good vs.
The ending of the movie Silent Running is almost exactly the same.
Buy this movie and treasure it.
I have found myself near tears just listening to it.
But I thought it better to concentrate on the version people can actually find.
Plus somewhat twisty surprise.
The setting of the film is a combo of many time periods.
An excellent cast give some great performances to bring these characters to life.
Things seem very enhanced.
Some new lines have been added as well which help out.
And the finale is just something you MUST see.
This one has a great a lesson on greed and power.
The only sour note is the American Dubbing.
You will not regret it.
Unfortunately I feel that the release has been partly spoiled by Disney.
Just give me a minute to breath.
I give this movie one of my highest ratings.
This is one of the best animated family films of all time.
None of these problems plague Castle in the Sky.
The backgrounds are wonderful.
But this one rises above the rest.
They were what made the movie for me.
Every minute of the movie is rich and engrossing .
Anyway it seems that a young woman and her.
7 out of 10.
I am an extremely jaded movie buff.
I'm way past that point.
But there you go.
I have to give the director credit.
He pulled it off.
For the first 40 minutes this movie is a TOTAL bore.
We start off with some very explicit footage of two horses having sex.
Then some nervous guy shaves.
I would definitely recommend this film.
this one is out there.
Something you do not rarely see in films today.
I can not tell you all how much I love this movie.
It even features a scene that comes extremely close to rape.
I found it hilarious.
I loved it is originality.
The film was duly submitted and PASSED.
The other lacked imagination and simply thought the piece disgusting.
The plot is simple and the actors not extraordinary.
Papaya also is not great but at least these films have a certain charm .
Download them again but then again who knows what you pretend not to them.
I was clearly deceived after seeing.
But that is not all.
satisfaction and the daydreaming girl masturbating with rose petals.
The power of the instinct makes an animal a beast.
The sheep ends up dead and the woman gets scared.
THE BEAST is a film that I find kind of hard to rate.
It transcends all expectations and is truly a work of art.
We next find out that his trusted employees are anything but that.
Still this genuinely erotic film is wonderfully photographed and tasteless.
The women here are stunningly beautiful and they are naked most of the time.
Maybe it is difficult to understand when you are not Czech.
I am very impressed with the high quality and imagination of Czech films.
Basic meaning of the story is a reality.
Situations are very funny.
Some scenes are truly worth seeing.
Kurosawa is a proved humanitarian.
This movie is totally about people living in poverty.
You will see nothing but angry in this movie.
It makes you feel bad but still worth.
5 hours with this movie.
Each of the vignettes are likewise compelling for their own stories and conclusions.
The movie is surreal and surpassing in beauty.
It is a masterwork by a genius of cinema.
First and foremost its visually linked to every film that followed.
The film is a visual work of art.
33 so will appear in normal TV ratio.
9 out of 10.
This is one of the weirder movies I have recently watched.
It was not a fun experience.
They reveal his artistry and mastery of cinema.
My vote is nine.
This is not coming from a Asian film lover newbie either.
I'm begging you Mr.
An emotionally moving and beautiful film.
You have my vote for a comeback of a new sea hunt.
Would be nice to read some more plus points about sea hunt.
There must be a some clues around.
It is on the Soundtrack contained in between the musical queues and themes.
We can not remember just how many weeks nor just how high it got.
But they had been having some great successes with Television Syndication.
But the Athletic Mr.
The show exhibits a youthful energy energy for exploration under water which is infectious.
This brought on an interest in boats that lasted for years.
The Iron Chefs themselves are very interesting.
I have watched the series and find all the players work together well.
I enjoy watching the chefs hustle and the challengers are surprising.
My children look forward to watching with us every week.
Each of us have a favorite chef and favorite judges.
We all enjoy Elton Brown.
We play along at home to guess who the winner will be.
The show is great.
I could care less about cooking but this show is just entertaining to watch.
From the intensity put into the dishes by the chef to the goofy chairman.
Truly a good way to spend some time watching TV.
The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.
Obviously written for the stage.
And she falls for him.
An incredible little English film for so many reasons.
First it is a rare look a Laurence Olivier in a light comedy.
We have seen this plot or variations thereof dozens of time.
Oberon gives her role the right light touch.
Binnie Barnes is delightful as the real Lady Mere.
Ralph Richardson was a delight to watch as well.
I highly recommend it.
Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon did two movies together within two years.
One night he checks into a hotel just ahead of a crowd of people.
But he has not reckoned with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele.
But she kittenishly refuses to tell him her name.
It shows what a good cast can do with even the slightest of materials.
Another reason to watch this delightful movie is Florence Rice.
As they all do in this gripping ensemble piece.
It transports you into another world.
It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious.
Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine.
Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie.
I really wonder how this show plays in the U.
and the rest of Europe.
Sure this movie is not historically accurate but it is great entertainment.
The story is basically a series of peaks with very little quiet moments.
Later comes a protracted battle with the Cheyenne.
The whole thing is ridiculous but great fun and entertaining from start to finish.
What an amazingly funny and original show.
Soap opera like with many surprise twists during its short run.
My hats off to Mr.
simply the best movie ever.
Fatty Drives The Bus is unlike any film you have ever seen.
It takes trash cinema and elevates it to a work of art.
And boy does it ever succeed.
I do not know why.
I do not know why.
I do not know why.
Fatty Drives the Bus is the exception.
It is the truth.
Jesus walks to a funk soundtrack.
This is pure girl FUN with the most fantastic cast of female leads.
I do not think this movie is for everyone.
I thought the entire cast did a great job.
You will find yourself laughing from the first moment through the very last scene.
The movie was a real surprise.
I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy.
We do not have any giants in Hollywood anymore.
I watch Cold Case because of the real life experiences depicted.
Please continue taking chances and accept my heartfelt gratitude.
Sean and Jimmy were partners.
The real mystery is revealed by her.
Somehow at the station the partners become the center of gossip.
The pressure is too much on Jimmy.
Sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it.
There is a rare Chad Everett appearance as the older Jimmy Bruno.
Shane Johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as Sean Cooper.
I still have not figured out the color scheme and rationale.
we were the lucky ones.
I highly recommend this episode and consider it the best.
this was a fantastic episode.
This was one of the all time best episodes.
His case is reopened with the presumption that he was corrupted as a policeman.
What a stunning episode for this fine series.
This is television excellence at its best.
Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning.
Our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters.
This one goes far past a 10 and all the way to the stars.
If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Emmy consideration.
Americans tend to use some rather annoying voices for children in anything dubbed.
All in all a very good ride with a rather strange and unexpected ending.
The master of movie spectacle Cecil B.
Scenes like that are extremely well done.
This part got him at least noticed in Hollywood.
One word can describe this movie and that is weird.
It was aired in 1978.
I feel makers should have either left something out or include extra 30 minutes.
But this one has it all.
But I do not think they are going to understand it.
I highly recommend this film.
I missed it on the first run choosing to see the other film.
A lot of care was taken to show the original guns of that time.
I have seen this movie more than once.
The only problem I had was with the title for the obvious reasons.
But this was an enjoyable Halloween fare offered by the CBS network.
He asks the cab driver how to find this guy.
I ran across this several years ago while channel surfing on a Sunday afternoon.
The grainy film quality.
The odd sense of unease and ugliness permeating everything.
Beautiful pictures with love for beautiful details.
when this movie so well proves that they indeed are unnecessary.
And it was it is old self again.
What an amazing film.
Very involving almost voyeuristic.
A delightful piece of cinema storytelling in a simple but effective way.
Cinema after all is a visual media and Igor used its full potential.
A young restless man boards a train with no destination in mind.
In one of the compartments he meets with a girl.
This was the first time Cecil B.
I was overtaken by the emotion.
Unforgettable rendering of a wartime story which is unknown to most people.
The performances were faultless and outstanding.
Good luck finding the video in the U.
I saw this Australian film about 10 years ago and have never forgotten it.
A close and friendly bonding develops between the captors and the captives.
But the captain remains adamant on confessing this to the Japanese authorities.
This is the Highest Honor accorded to the captured warriors in Japan.
I will not give away the ending here.
Get one copy today and be mesmerized.
This film succeeds on that level as well.
Based on the true story.
This movie reeks of soul and atmosphere.
VERY creepy looking dusty webbed corpses slowly shamble to their screaming victims.
This film entertained from start to finish.
My only complaint is that is was too short.
That is not very normal.
The acting across the board is fantastic.
He is a professional pickpocket.
Thelma Ritter is a busy body selling information to almost everybody.
The sets show it is a limited budget film.
The script made J Edgar Hoover mad because patriotism is given short shrift.
Hoover wanted it changed.
So please take time out to watch this classic western.
Thelma Ritter did steal the picture.
I just finished watching it again.
But I did find the river.
The story line goes something like this.
It may have some secrets that could make him a lot of money.
And what a third act.
Yet the bulk of his films are more than forgettable.
Fuller holds no punches in this genuinely tough movie.
This is not a case of carefully choreographed photography.
This movie revolves around characters.
They are on her trail when the theft occurs.
9 out of 10.
Both are unaware of being observed by two federal agents.
Her death scene is stunning.
The film starts with Peters on a subway car being watched by federal agents.
They know she is a link in a long espionage chain.
This supporting actress had perhaps the performance of her lifetime as a stool pigeon.
and anyone who watches this film will agree.
The photography is brilliant.
on time and on budget.
Pickup on South Street is a case in point.
at least for now.
He had to make do.
want her to be.
Then Fuller throws in the character of Moe Williams.
Joey has a deadline to deliver the microfiche to his boss.
Its a good film.
I was really surprised at how much I ended up liking this movie.
It was truly a movie that got better and better as it progressed.
I also really liked the characters within this movie.
Two FBI agents had been following Candy and witnessed the theft.
Skip is flippant and arrogant.
Joey orders Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then retrieve it.
I really enjoyed this film.
He is totally convincing in his performance.
This film works on every level.
This movie delivered all the goods to me.
Very daring also since blacklisting was popular in those days.
It represents Fuller at his most controlled.
The film is absolutely beautiful.
She finds him through a stool pigeon played by Thelma Ritter.
Thelma Ritter gives the most memorable performance.
I will never forget that.
Brooding cityscapes lower over puny humanity in bleak expressionist symbolism.
A prostitute has her purse snatched on the subway.
Two parallel investigations unfold as both spies and cops hunt down the precious information.
You have done it before.
Jean Peters is radiant as Candy.
The real star of this movie is New York.
The personality of the city is constantly imposing itself.
The device is also employed to heighten the tension.
And yet even the stool pigeons are superior to Joey and his communist friends.
Joey is beyond the pale.
The McCarthy show trials were a daily reality.
Containers form a leitmotif throughout the film.
The film is a masterpiece of composition.
Pickup On South Street is one of the most brilliant movies ever made.
In this case the climax gives me even greater pleasure.
She is selfish and demanding.
And Falk was 40 back when he made the first one.
The plot is pretty good.
They have some great exchanges of dialog in the film.
Basically the film takes up the history of the U.
after the Civil War.
Then he announces he has to go to the theater.
But he had been involved in actual problems with the West.
As such it is well worth watching.
The murder is well handled.
She was over 80 years old and looked it.
Her acting is idiosyncratic.
What humor there is comes from Gordon.
The interplay between Peter Falk and Ruth Gordon is priceless.
The movie has a great written genre story.
He provided the movie with style and some truly great and memorable sequences.
This movie stars the rather unknown 81 year old Ruth Gordon.
She has some great interaction as well with Peter Falk in their sequences together.
The movie also stars a still young G.
I would have loved somebody else than Mariette Hartley to play Veronica.
I never really like Hartley in anything personally.
Mariette Hartley and G.
And Peter Falk delivers a little something extra in his scenes with Gordon.
The camera slowly moves out of the room and up towards him.
Ruth Gordon at her best.
Even the music was outstanding in this episode.
Truly unexpected and inventive climax tops all.
Age related artifacts are kept to a minimum and digital anomalies do not distract.
The audio is mono but nicely balanced.
To tell more would be unthinkable.
I recommend it most highly.
Others by the at times brutal violence.
It is well situated in context.
The movie opens on Christmas Eve.
He is on his cellphone arguing with a business partner I would assume.
He pins her up against the wall.
Then she goes in the mall to do her last minute shopping.
The first kill that Della performs anyway.
So I decided not to see it.
by referencing to quotes.
If you want a good ape movie watch the original.
Everything else was just OK.
The ending was cool.
I took it as a parallel universe.
I hope no one casts him as Tarzan.
Lisa Marie is the only ape that dares to be sexy.
I'm assuming this is the case when I give it 9 stars.
I thought it was hysterical.
Donna Reed charming and pretty.
Tent scene at end with former boy next door was hilarious.
It does not do justice to this incredible movie.
It is one of the best horse movies of it is time.
It is one of those great classics that the whole family can watch.
The romance is clean and endearing.
The story line is interesting and the songs are great.
They do not make movies like this anymore.
Good acting and not over the top.
Both are extremely likable and attractive.
A definite must see for total romantics.
I read the book and saw the movie.
The movie is diamond among coals during this era.
This film should have made them stars.
Shame on the studio for not putting everything they had behind this film.
It could have easily been a franchise.
You will not be disappointed.
It will blow you away.
This film has slipped through the cracks of film history.
If the themes of The Girl From Missouri sound familiar it should.
And it is men of means that Jean Harlow is after.
Still she wrangles a few baubles from him that fellow millionaire Lionel Barrymore notices.
I have a feeling we would have seen a much more risqu film.
Harlow and Kelly have the same easy chemistry between that Patsy had with Thelma.
She has rightfully earned her spot at the very top of the Hollywood pantheon.
It is strange and surreal and not altogether a completely comprehensible yarn.
yet it never loses you.
And every night after I would come home and watch it again.
I love this movie because I grew up around harness racing.
You just have to see for yourself.
And the film is never boring.
it has a very humane story and very good selected music.
I really enjoyed this movie.
The script is fresh and unpredictable and the acting is outstanding.
I really enjoyed this movie.
The script is fresh and unpredictable and the acting is outstanding.
One can not help falling in love with the character of Gigi.
The whole movie revolves around him.
The father is very stereotypically Italian and so is the mother.
I also wish that there was at least something redeeming about the elder brother.
His personality seems to have been trashed entirely.
And there are a few.
A really beautiful film that made me laugh and cry.
I would like to comment on the movie April Love.
My Dad had been in numerous plays and was a talented man.
But this movie makes some very good snapshots of the time then.
The immigrant and his family then start the first Pizza restaurant in the region.
The characters are excellent drawn.
9 out of 10.
I adored this movie.
But also because he is NOT the main actor.
Saw it as many times as I could before it left the scene.
A delightful and entertaining film with some of my very favorite stars.
The supporting cast lent credit to their individual roles.
Both have the charm that this kind of work desperately needs to work.
I do not find ANYTHING hilarious anymore.
Otto Preminger is the suspicious and sinister Hessian general.
Both have the charm that this kind of work desperately needs to work.
Especially when you consider the lack of user comments on it.
Films were pretty much a happy medium back then.
Not one true villain in the whole thing.
Everybody is so darn likable you can not help but enjoy the film.
The chemistry between Jones and Boone is good.
This movie will never be confused with great cinema.
Because the subtitles ruin the hole thing.
This is the best movie I have ever seen.
That month they were showing a Yugoslavian movie every Sunday night.
this is what i call a great movie.
it lives trough the fantastic actor skills and a simple but human story.
there are real characters which can be funny and dramatic.
watch it and you gonna remember it for life.
its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.
I watched this film over a hundred times.
It is really best Serbian movie made ever.
I wood like to recommend this movie to everyone.
It is very good comedy.
Actually I'm surprised there were so many comments about this movie.
And you are the one behind him.
It is such a pity that this excellent film is almost forgotten now.
This movie is an absolute must for any self respecting movie lover.
This is a poker of movies everyone should have in his private video collection.
one of the best ensemble acted films I have ever seen.
and he liked it.
A milestone in Eastern European film making and an outstanding example of Serbian mentality.
A group of completely different people are doomed to die because of their discord.
It won raves then.
The script is a work of art.
It makes you happy.
You settle down with a bar of ice cream.
Moving pictures begin to flicker on the screen.
Sitting around the campfire.
I think the supporting cast do what they can.
Those who enjoy this kind of cinema should be pleased after the ending credits.
It has lots of wonderful ideas and very good performers.
The direction was great.
The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply exquisite.
And the tears shed were all of laughter.
A great clown if needs be and serious if the situation calls for it.
French farce with an English.
The writing was excellent.
A truly excellent film.
4 out of 4 stars.
Thank you again Mr.
At times I find it uncomfortable.
At times I find it empowering.
And I always find the characters human and real.
The human condition in modern times LA.
Helps you understand the joys and desperation of urban life.
The direction and cutting are top class.
Cinematography and music very much follows the mood and situation.
No one out of place or out of character.
And it is NOT really as much a downer as you would expect.
I gave it 7 of 10.
Both movies used wonderful actors not stars.
It stands out as an enjoyable classic.
Erika Christensen was good but Busy stole the show.
Danny Glover is outstanding in a sympathetic role.
I love when people ask me what this film is about.
They shrug and probably never give it another thought.
Her fine body movements.
This is an accomplished artist at the top of her craft.
This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting.
I never tire of watching it.
What this movie did and crash failed to do was to be truthful.
Especially when you compare the endings.
The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up.
No matter how good.
There is no ending of a chapter to begin another.
Grand Canyon is a very strange bird.
A sparkling film with a great cast and everything working.
I truly believe that before the movie Crash there was Grand Canyon.
I would love to hear from those that have an opinion on this subject.
It just goes to show the state of race relations in America.
until he gets shot.
Maybe we will never be able to have stable race relations in this country.
It affirms Kevin Kline as my favorite actor.
This is not a film with an easy or obvious message.
A major meditation on life from one of our most gifted writers and directors.
A great film from a great artist.
This was a very good film.
They stole the show.
But the other actors played their parts wonderfully also.
He then announces retirement from producing blood and gore entertainment.
What makes the film work is the superb acting by the cast.
Maybe this is a subject we should explore more often.
The writers deserved an Oscar.
This work deals with life in all aspects.
I really enjoyed the intelligence this exhibited.
Another wonderful surprise was the honesty exhibited herein.
It rates a 9.
and the list goes on.
Makes us ask questions of ourselves.
I still enjoy it again and again.
This may come as a surprise to most of you.
This kind of flick needs sensitive watchers.
Exception made for Kevin Kline who was perfect.
Go ahead and watch it.
I first saw the film when I was 17 years old.
But it delivers with an intensity and force that seems supple.
Grand Canyon is filled with one perceptive scene after another.
The couple rushes to his aid.
I cried when I saw this sequence.
I cried every time I saw it.
What tears me up is that this few minutes of film was PERFECT.
The film moves on at the pace of life.
Grand Canyon is a very human film.
The difference is that Grand Canyon leaves you feeling positive.
I would choose Grand Canyon over Crash any day.
It partly portrays society as a balloon about to burst.
But the movie is also timeless.
9 out of 10.
Along the way we are asked question after question about life.
But that is the nature of life.
As humans we thrive on questions we can not answer.
Some answers are real.
Some answers are not.
We all seek answers.
I will keep this one quite short.
I believe that this is an extraordinary movie.
9 out of 10 from me for this one.
Realistic human performances from all the actors.
Scene to scene it is woven fantastically.
The buzzer never went off during this film.
In my top 5.
And he did something about it.
This is a great adaptation and a great miniseries in its own right.
I also think he mistakes the treatment of the law.
YES the law is drawn VERY badly in Bleak House.
You do not need to read this review.
I can only amplify its basic arguments.
I do not want to overstate these two problems.
You soon adjust to the look and pace of this production.
This would not be possible with Bleak House.
This production needs its seven hours.
A few random examples will illustrate the problems.
It happens off screen.
Many of the performances are outstanding.
Its accumulating sense of tragedy is very powerful.
The acting too is to be applauded.
Suzanne Burden is the polite and honest heroine who quietly goes about doing good.
Another is a former sergeant forced to do evil by evil people.
Another is a poor and helpless young boy.
I do not think anyone else could have written this.
A couple of things are missing.
Often Dickens will stick in at least one or two amusing lines of dialog.
I think this presentation is entertaining enough not to be boring.
I just LOVED Mr.
I think we should be given a chance to judge for ourselves.
I have to say I loved the show.
Esther had no uncle.
In OUR MUTUAL FRIEND he looks at testators and wills.
I was very pleasantly surprised by this heartwarming and magical gem.
Peter Falk gives the performance of his life.
It is worthy of an Academy Award.
This was one of the most poignant and funny movies of the year.
The supporting cast was equal to the task especially the gorgeous gorgeous Elizabeth Perkins.
It is a must see movie for 2005.
We have mothers and fathers and siblings like these in the movie.
This was one of the few truly funny movies I have seen.
I hope that both Mr.
The movie was very moving.
You will be so grateful you went.
This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
I feel greatly touched by the theme the movie intends to convey.
The actors and actresses are fantastic.
we will see how he does.
Must be unlisted or something.
Both men seem to break out of their daily lives.
The end is a downer as we learn why mom suddenly left.
All of this happens amidst a road trip format.
I have read both of his books and think that he is great.
The combination of the two is magic.
This is a story about a family really getting to know each other.
they are just doing them much later in life.
It has comedy and emotion but an uplifting message.
Just wanted to say that I really enjoyed the film very much.
Very well written with an adult target audience in mind.
But that is not the end of their journey.
Their road trip turns into a long therapy session between Ben and his father.
Peter was an actor who made his own father laugh.
And Peter certainly made me laugh in this movie.
The movie is often very funny and I found myself laughing several times.
But it can also be touching from time to time.
Nice character development in a pretty cool milieu.
What makes this go is a wonderful chemistry among the principal characters.
This film is one of those that has a resounding familiarity to it.
To see this film is to find a real treasure and delight in it.
Peter Falk is a diverse and accomplished actor.
The movie is well written and the acting seems like real life.
Because it shows what a talent Peter Falk is.
This would be a great movie to turn into a live stage play.
So the spouse and I took a chance.
We were both swept into this story.
I do not know where this movie has gone.
I heard it was put out in limited release.
It should be shared with the world.
It is one of the finest movies I have seen.
This picture is a must for anyone who has parents.
No violence or nudity but some strong language.
A lot of people could relate to situations in this movie.
I would rate this 8.
5 on a scale of 10 and definitely recommend it.
I also viewed this film at the Santa Barbara Film Festival.
It was an excellent film about adult family relationships.
A film like this would do very well with the word of mouth reviews.
I would definitely tell my friends and family to see this film.
We had no idea about what to expect.
Peter Falk is magnificent in the film.
She makes a good contribution as the fleeing mother.
Elizabeth Perkins plays Rachel with great style.
I saw the film at the Nashville Film Festival.
at the very height of their style.
Barclay is actually based on John D.
This film deals mostly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters.
Charles Barclay is played by George Brent.
And the ending needed some major fixing.
It basically just gives up at the end.
Whatever sympathy her character had gained as the film progressed falls apart.
And we still hate Barclay.
And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never solved.
I still liked the film.
It is too dated to be remade now.
played by Gig Young.
I first saw Rob Roy twelve years ago.
That leads him to unexpected events.
I like that calmness of his portrayal.
It is simply more realistic and has more believable characters.
This makes it a more interesting film.
The story is great with how it deals with heroism and humanity.
Overall this is a stunning and almost flawless watch.
This is a very exciting and romantic film.
I have seen it several times and never get bored with it.
Everything is realistic and it is a good plot.
This is really good and surprising scenes.
The music are lovely.
it really suits to the movie.
The setting is amazing.
I loved this movie.
There were many verbal slashes and thrusts to accompany the brilliantly choreographed swordplay.
I absolutely loved this movie.
The characters were all so different and yet clever story that made it work.
So sorry about this.
The cinematography is outstanding.
The fight scenes are amazing.
This is a film I will enjoy watching again and again.
One of my favorites.
They have the most passion and chemistry I have seen in a screen couple.
John Hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.
Tim Roth portrays one of the great screen villains.
His rape of Mary is repugnant and harrowing.
He really is a magnificent bastard in this movie.
10 out of 10.
I question anyone saying they do not care for this movie.
And helpfully so not all Englishmen are portrayed as evil this time.
This guy is truly as rotten as movie characters come.
The nobility are largely played as being amoral and sleazy.
What makes this film is the cast.
He is a true actor.
He captivates the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles.
Jessica Lange is excellent as his wife Mary.
Mary is such a beautiful woman.
They need each other.
The Scotland scenery is beautiful.
The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well.
This is something special.
I was particularly impressed by the apparently genuine dialog.
I can imagine this is how early 18th century people spoke and behaved.
Something else that surprised me was the vulgarity expressed by the characters.
The action was also very well done and gripping.
Rob Roy will always remain high on my list of favorite films.
I would recommend it to all.
This is a captivating movie featuring both tense action and a beautiful love tale.
It has been one of my 10 favorite films since it came out.
Many people want to go to Italy with this cast and this script.
Many people want to keep a permanent copy of this film in their libraries.
The film is a definite keeper.
Many have already asked.
Please add our names to the list.
The story is good and you really want Rob to win.
All in all just shy of a classic.
One of my favorite films.
Note its cornball usage of slow motion filming.
Its violence is both ugly and glorious.
It is the latter quality which makes it more appealing to the adolescent mindset.
Its dialog attempts to approximate the poetry of the period.
And Tim Roth is a superlative villain.
All the of the aforementioned movies merit their R ratings for violence.
Here are my particular reasons.
The depiction of Wallace is very well done and effective.
He makes several mistakes that affected the lives of many of his loved ones.
He is shamefully self obsessed and insecure.
He gives the world hope for the people of power.
These battle scenes have no context except for the fight for freedom.
It is one of the greatest scenes in film history.
Let me explain why.
Cunningham uses a fencing sword while Rob uses a broadsword.
The use of music is absolutely chilling in this scene.
Thus the reason that many people like it better.
You can make a decision on what you think is better.
Someone was really doing their homework on this entire scene.
John Hurt and Tim Roth were great villains.
This is one powerful film.
Both do their jobs well.
Few actors come across as despicable as Roth.
Jessica Lange is strong in here as the female lead.
This is a strong movie from a historical and epic perspective.
While the story is simple it is pure and straightforward.
Extra points just because you can almost smell the people on the screen.
He carries his height with grace as the Scottish chieftain of a small community.
He would rather die than tell a lie or betray a trust.
And then I will think on you no more.
He is a pompous arrogant man with two villainous servants at his service.
His name is Archibald Cunningham.
Not a single scene is wasted.
Study this film for how mood and beauty can tell a story.
The Missourians could have easily traveled east and joined the Confederate Army.
It seems to me that the story has nothing to do with ambiguity.
You are waiting to see if the remake is better or worse.
Modern film makers have realized this mistake.
It is evident in a superior style of Western we usually see today.
This movie is an example.
There is plenty of action in the movie.
There is also some humor.
This director and writer team got it right.
I enjoyed this film very much.
Tobey Maguire gives a terrific performance as Jake.
He has got to be one of the best actors I have seen.
And I was surprised there were so many humorous lines throughout the film.
Lots of exciting scenes.
A thoroughly good ride.
Check out Cider House Rules.
One of the all time Best Ever.
Reminds me of Iraq.
Many twists in this movie.
that is why they won.
Just more mindless slaughter.
So much suffering for such a stupid cause.
The cinematography is fantastic.
I really enjoyed the detail that went into the script.
As was Jeffery Wright.
I have strong suspicions.
Which makes it all the more appealing to me.
These never officially joined the Confederate army.
He gives a fine and understated performance.
And their costumes are too new.
But the overall feel of the film is genuine.
A few viewers I talked with have expressed their incredulity at the stylized dialog.
These people were raised on Shakespeare and the King James version of the Bible.
The stylized dialog just adds to the magical atmosphere of the film.
This film has everything a discerning moviegoer could want.
Please rent this film.
You will not be disappointed.
Further Deponent Saith Not.
I liked this movie a lot.
It really intrigued me how Deanna and Alicia became friends over such a tragedy.
Other than that it was great.
The star of this film is the screenplay.
Such is the true sense of film being a genre of art.
It even has the first CW cavalry battle put on film recently.
But you will never notice that.
No glaring historical errors.
My expectations where high but they where in no way disappointed.
9 out of 10.
This movie is one of the sleepers of all time.
I gave it a 10 rating.
but not bad for Hollywood.
Not just one or two.
A civil war movie is not the typical movie I watch.
This movie was wonderfully written.
The spectacular acting helped that aspect of the movie.
Toby Maguire was awesome.
The big shocker for me was Jewel.
She was amazingly good.
A movie with bad writing makes the actors look bad and visa versa.
This movie had the perfect combination.
The actors look brilliant and the character development is spectacular.
This was also a beautifully shot movie.
The movie was deep.
It told a story and in doing so made you think.
It had layers underneath that exterior civil war story.
The letter scenes are very moving and yet subtle.
Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty stretched to the limits.
we see the birth of new men.
It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand.
Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid.
They are great actresses and they keep the story together specially Diana.
Check her out in other things you would be surprised.
I actually watched it while sailing around Cuba on a western Caribbean cruise.
There are some powerful scenes that everyone can relate to.
A class A film with fine acting and directing.
A good film worth watching several times annually.
It is an obviously genuine worthy labor of love.
DREAMING OF JULIA makes much more sense.
What this film really is is the culmination of a dream.
This is an exquisite film about the search for some bliss in everyday life.
It is a film about middle age and the choices people make.
It is deep and thoughtful without beating the viewer up with heavy handedness.
Watch it in one sitting and let it have its effect on you.
A good Japanese flick for a rainy summer night.
Not to be missed.
The lead actors are uniformly excellent.
The music is really good.
The two weaknesses are the story and the fight scenes.
This works for most of the film but the finale feels like a cheat.
It was interesting to see how the concept of spirit and demons were handled.
I do agree with some of the other comments about the fight scenes.
They were hard to follow at times.
It would be interesting to know what some Japanese viewers thought of the film.
It is a film I would like to see again.
I did come out of the cinema thinking what has just happened here.
I have to totally disagree with the other comment concerning this movie.
people back then really thought that the world would come to an end.
This is what I call a growth movie.
Well recommended at any rate.
It is a time of demons.
This is said to be where ninja clans began historically.
The scenery and the costuming are also completely unmissable and very authentic.
I also thought that the actual acting performances were surprisingly good.
So you do not get to know the characters on that deeper level.
The problem with this film is it was made in the worst possible time.
Watch out for a terrific goof near the start of this movie where Lt.
See also They Live By Night and The Brighton Strangler.
The Tattooed Stranger is worth seeking out.
Excellent but rather obscure.
investigator to track down their man.
This is clearly a B type movie.
The crystal clear cinematography by William O.
There are great views of New York in the opening sequence.
Patricia Barry is perfect as the plant expert from the Museum of Natural History.
Local legend claims that the area is cursed.
Room With a View was also newly out.
I will not give out any spoilers.
Great atmosphere and terror follow.
The multiple nightmare sequences were pretty freaky.
The Simon Boswell music helps too.
Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
Just do not expect it to be like the other Demons films.
Italian fans should try it out.
Always as tough as nails and at the same time conveying true sentiments.
The title fits this movie very well.
I can also recommend it.
Her family and community have mixed emotions in dealing with her shocking return.
Saw this film yesterday for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it.
There is genuine skill in manufacture of this work.
Work with it for the first few minutes and you will not be disappointed.
You knew what was going on and I liked it.
The ending is also unexpected and believable.
This is a wonderfully spooky film.
He did a great job of having me on the edge of my seat.
I found this to be intriguing.
He finds instead a child without parents and a murder with no corpse.
Some scenes are genuinely nightmarish and the acting is excellent.
Give this strange horror film a chance.
9 out of 10.
Though I liked On the Town better I really liked it.
I'm a new comer when it comes to Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly.
I think that is better too.
Frank and Gene make a good team.
I have yet to see them together in Take me out to the Ballgame.
Two sailors go on liberty to see if they can find love and romance.
They meet up with a woman who is trying to break into show business.
The music and dancing is superb.
Betty Garrett plays the waitress who falls in love with Sinatra.
Never get tired of these old musicals.
Kathryn Grayson is bland but Kelly and Sinatra work well together.
Very pleasant then but a bit too long.
A taster of better musicals to come.
Few are lucky to get a screen test at the golden studios of MGM.
Then few are even luckier to be attended to.
I first saw Enchanted April about five years ago.
This is perhaps the most feel good movie I have ever seen.
It was made with care and in very good taste.
At least he thinks he does.
I really liked this movie.
I have seen several Gene Kelly flicks and this is one of his best.
I would actually put it above his more famous American in Paris.
It is definitely worth renting.
ANCHORS AWEIGH is certainly a lesser film than ON THE TOWN.
Classical music enthusiasts will no doubt identify the music the pianists are playing.
MGM certainly had a flair for creating lyrical moments like these.
Incredibly ARTISTIC NOBODY COULD MAKE THEM NOW I THINK.
I'M Italian AND ADMIRED BY American MUSICAL.
there are words to describes the perfection of this movie.
and the scene with Tom and Jerry.
the greatest without reserve.
An entertaining diversion for fans of the MGM musical factory.
There the patrons happily allow Ms.
This is one of the better ones.
The film won and Oscar for George E.
A classic Hollywood music from an era gone by.
Also this movie is far too long.
Still this is worth catching.
When Kelly is dancing or Sinatra or Grayson are singing this becomes magical.
This was a huge hit in its day.
This one is different.
You are going to have to see the movie to see what I mean.
a great selection of the finest British talent around.
I loved them all for every diverse element brought into the film.
Clarence falls for her.
Kelly gets to dance with Jerry the Mouse in a delightful sequence.
Grayson sings Jalousie and My Heart Sings.
Kathryn Grayson is gorgeous and really sweet.
Brady plans on visiting a girlfriend named Lola.
Brady helps and he and Doolittle end up taking the boy back home.
Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic.
There are also some plot problems.
The story also seems a bit drawn out.
Length is a problem.
The fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the film.
The sequence is nicely done.
Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene.
Depressing how quickly we forget.
Allow me to explain.
They needed music and smiles and joy and romance.
This movie and others like it delivered just what was needed.
As they are in a fix with their feelings.
Frank Sinatra is terrific as the shy guy from Brooklyn.
Kathryn Grayson is fantastic as Susan Abbott.
Edgar Kennedy plays Chief of police station.
Also Tom Cat is seen there as the butler.
They originally asked Mickey Mouse but he refused.
Anchors Aweigh is some high class entertainment.
I suppose a small case could be made for the movie being to long.
But I'm not sure what you would cut out.
Originally Katherine Grayson wanted to be an opera star.
Mayer brought her to MGM for a screen test that included an aria.
Great use was made of color and lighting throughout the movie.
You can see why Frank Sinatra became the star he did.
You will feel good after seeing this movie.
This is one of the best movies.
It is one of my favorites.
A movie with good acting.
The story is very sensitive and touching.
Good camera work also.
If you do not like this movie then you have no heart or feelings.
Then go watch a sports movie.
There is no killing or horror here.
It is a must.
I sure can not do better than that.
Frank sings it accompanying himself on the piano at an empty Hollywood Bowl.
She also did some classical numbers.
Here singing in fact is the basis of the plot.
They spend the film trying to accomplish just that.
But the film results would be extraordinary.
One of the best dancers of the 20th century.
You will NOT be disappointed.
I'm not quite sure why this is.
No opportunity to shoehorn a musical number in was given up.
and that is true.
Everything a musical comedy should be.
Kelly certainly earned his nomination as Best Actor.
Tom then accidentally bites the house maid.
It makes me wish that there was more cartoons like this.
It felt slower than most Tom and Jerry shorts.
The atmosphere is dark and spooky.
Suspense is another strong element here.
Tom lives the scariest experience of his whole life.
He angrily looks at Jerry for about a minute.
I think this movie is absolutely beautiful.
And I'm not referring only to the breathtaking scenery.
The acting is a joy to watch in itself.
James Mason a real first class star.
were my bedsit was.
but I want to say I can not agree more with Moira.
What a wonderful film.
Or any father at all.
And Spring and Port Wine is so very similar to The Family Way.
This is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in Northern England.
Or so it seems.
The film is a classic.
Quirky guitar music added to the story as well.
While I have been a fan of Ms.
The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a delightful miniseries.
You will not want to miss it if you have enjoyed what came before.
All it takes is patience and a touch of enchantment.
This movie sends a powerful message about judging others.
I was deeply moved.
No one has come back saying it was bad.
At the beginning it was a little slow.
But after she went to the hospital.
My wish would be for this movie to be released again and advertised more.
because it sends a powerful message in a mere hour and a half.
This is a romantic drama with many humorous undertones and a quick wit.
This group of English pros are a pleasure to watch.
The supporting cast could form a series of their own.
They are that good.
It reminds me of early Jackie Chan movies.
The movie did not let me down.
But the film went way beyond this admittedly narrow interest.
to gum it up.
All of this seems natural in the context of the desolate foreboding Arctic setting.
Firelight glistening off of smooth and muscled skin creates stunningly beautiful imagery.
What impressed me mostly was the realism of the film.
I wondered how much work this must have been for van Dyke.
I read somewhere that it took 17 months to film it.
All their problems and their solutions are plausible.
The actresses were great.
The background music seemed very appropriate for an romantic Italian locale.
The film is beautifully photographed and powerfully acted.
Also I think the actor selections has succeeded perfectly.
well I guess every movie has it own faults.
A kid with ideals who tries to change things around him.
A movie you can not hide from.
We watched it in 19 and it was a very nice evening.
He makes a fascinating woman.
An artistic telegram on the importance of caring about those around us.
This one is fun.
He transmits these needs to the audience in a thoroughly believable fashion.
The babe desired by both Buster and Beery is nice.
And Wallace Beery makes a fine nemesis.
This is the movie that actually affected my life.
This little film is a diamond of highest quality.
There is some mild jumping back and forth between episodes.
This is a cleaver film featuring love through the ages.
The Metro feature is scored with piano and flute and borrows heavily from Grieg.
Lots of fun and full of laughs.
Loosely intended as a satire of D.
There is nothing unique or daring about the story lines.
The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring.
The last 40 minutes were excellent.
The actors are excellent.
Do see this if you get the chance.
You may ask yourself was A.
Doyle a strong person or did he put himself in question.
You have to watch the movie more than once to understand it all.
The movie is anything but boring.
You will either hate it or love it.
Watch it and enjoy.
Tony is on robbery while obviously homicide should investigate the case.
Eventually they end up working together on the case.
I rated this a 9.
Fun for all ages.
I recommend it highly.
I'm giving this 7.
to be honest I like it more than that.
I would rather watch this than a lot of stuff I would give 8.
I saw this movie recently.
The very first scene I watched him was really strong.
In every other way it is just as formulaic as any standard product.
This also changes the people in their lives who have visited them.
As they leave you know the magic of the villa will remain with them.
And I'm beginning to believe that he can act as anything.
As Cristy Brown he is stunning.
And Cristy Brown comes to life.
Not a single moment of cheese.
He has a lot of screen time here.
Probably a man too for that matter.
Worth watching for the outstanding performances.
Playing anyone with such serious physical impairments has to be a demanding task.
The emotional punch of the film given the story is surprisingly minimal.
I watched this film in shire joy.
This is possibly one of the best films of all time.
It really is amazing.
My older sister was born in March of 1985 and has cerebral palsy.
Then i saw this film.
but they were lucky.
This movie tells people something.
that people should be proud of their own lives.
Any movie that has that civilizing an effect on viewers deserves serious attention.
Seldom are we soaked in beauty like this.
Watching him on screen is a shocking and breathtaking experience.
He falls in love with her.
One is exhausted for him and heartbroken at the same time.
A performance worthy of the Oscar she received.
The Irish film industry had noting much to its name before my left foot.
My left foot was the start of a wonderful period in Irish film.
My left foot is a powerful outstanding film.
A great movie in every sense.
I'm a HUGE fan of the twin sisters.
Although I give this movie a 4.
I kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names.
I always learn something from the shows.
Actual location filming in Tunisia greatly enhances the film.
Josephine Baker was born in St.
The French adored her and she became a huge celebrity.
Baker relocated to Morocco for the duration and entertained Allied troops stationed there.
I do find it a bit overrated.
If the musical score was improved I could overlook the few overacted scenes.
I still cant get enough of watching some of his best stunts ever.
But i have to say police story is my number 2 favorite movie.
any questions or comments please feel free to reply.
I have not seen the protector so I cant compare.
Everyone should watch it.
If anyone has the full lyrics please send them.
to say that Jackie Chan has seen better days is a colossal understatement.
However the job that Jackie does directing is sufficient and respectable.
The standout out directing of the film comes with the fight scenes.
It is a masterpiece that should not be missed by any action movie fan.
Both the action and the stunts are extremely realistic and innovative.
Many people were hospitalized in Police Story including Jackie Chan.
The plot is powerful but a modern viewer may find it tedious at times.
The best martial arts movie ever made.
This one movie is better than anything Bruce Lee ever did.
A classic with a thoroughly entertaining and brutal climax.
This movie never let you down.
The film has nice comic touches too.
After the disappointing U.
Jackie plays a policeman in Hong Kong.
Jackie is at his absolute best here.
It is truly sensational.
This is the best series of its type I have seen all year.
I think the reasons New Tricks succeeds are many.
It keeps you wanting to see more.
Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding.
I wish I could find more movies like that one.
All in All I thought it was a great movie.
The more you watch of it the more you become part of it.
My heart felt as if it had shattered just then.
I loved it so much.
This is still the best Action movie ever done.
only some no how to do it mostly from Hong Kong like Jackie Chan.
Police story brought Hong Kong movies to modern day cinema.
Jackie is menacing and psychotic here.
His manner of hitting that evil guy in the glasses is amazing.
I also like when the windows are being smashed in the movies.
All three movies are great.
Solid 10 out of 10.
Thank you for attention.
Especially as he has the bruises to show for it.
The latter is also hampered by stars who sound nothing like their Chinese originals.
Lothario Denis Waterman is learning to accept his role as grandfather.
Everything in between is great.
The two now have to clear their names before it is too late.
You will laugh out loud just like I did.
This movie has one of the cheesiest plots I have seen.
I think some better work could have come out of that.
But look at the year and do the math.
Yvonne De Carlo was also the better choice over Joan Marshall.
I think that people are under estimating this incredible film.
But i see this as a thoroughly entertaining masterpiece.
I really enjoyed this movie.
I was fifteen when this movie came out and I could relate.
who knew that we would bounce back.
So I took it home and popped it in the VCR.
We all have those little crushes when we are younger.
But of course we do.
It is surprising that this one is so ignored.
One kid asks another kid what birth control she uses.
She says she is doing nothing to need birth control.
These characters really do care about each other.
I would have much preferred if Penny and Brain had taken their place.
Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely uplifting documentary despite its content.
Hal is the same at the beginning of the film.
Prison life too is much like that.
At least the play gave temporary relief from the depressing thoughts of past events.
The prison authorities should be applauded for allowing the play to take place.
Only a handful get any recognizable distribution.
Every year a group of inmates present a Shakespearean play.
Shakespeare Behind Bars was a personal revelation for me.
They should be commended without end for this work.
I was at the inmate screening.
This is always on your mind as you watch this funny and engaging film.
It will not go away.
There is no superficiality.
Their relationship is complicated by the tension between the Jews and Arabs in Israel.
It is so refreshing.
Also refreshing is seeing two gay men being portrayed as people and not cartoons.
This is a very good movie.
And like all good love stories love does win out.
But not in it is intact glory of full bloom .
real life in the Middle East.
A good deal of complexity is packed into a fleeting moment.
The situation is bleak enough.
We can imagine love in that enormous loveless trap.
To be gay is accepted in Tel Aviv.
She can not accept it but accepts to speak about it later.
The funeral follows the wedding.
The husband and widower volunteers for a suicide bomb attack.
But Noam sees him and gets out to speak to him.
The vengeance reunites the two lovers in death.
The game is entirely false and death is sure on both sides.
Today we have to find a solution in which no one will be humiliated.
And then it is also not.
The sky is light blue and the air is sweet.
But it can not last.
For he has become part of an equation which was never meant to be.
This is also where our couple arrives in the end.
It is a window into a situation that begs for understanding.
More people should watch this important and very fine film.
I saw this movie when I was in Israel for the summer.
You tend to get used to subtitles after about 5 minutes.
It allows a person to enter both realms of the conflict simultaneously.
At first it seems like pure entertainment but it does make you think further.
It is worth seeing several times.
So many fine things to see.
The Italian gent commends the play and calls it brilliant.
The reviewer who called this movie a bust has clearly missed the point.
If only it was that easy.
It is constantly referenced.
Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged.
The music used in the film is also particularly powerful.
Little elements like this truly elevate the film.
Flat out the funniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.
Terribly heavy self important dialog.
Scenes that are supposed to shock but fall flat.
It achieves exactly what it was designed to.
To this day he refuses to discuss the incident.
This film is very interesting.
This is an intelligent films.
The way you get in to his mindset is really something.
I guess that is what it was all about really.
Glover puts together something that is unique to him.
I think I will have to be properly drug influenced.
I only wish i could remember every detail.
It haunts me sometimes.
I think this movie is well done and realistic.
This is a movie i will recommend for others to watch.
High quality realistic story and movie.
Ustinov searches out that crummy loft in Paris.
The acting is unarguably fine.
She seems to have written a brief concerto for flute.
This should mean that eventually these stocks she bought were worthless.
This is a heist film with a lot of brains.
Cesar Romero and Robert Morley pop up in some funny cameos.
The excellent music score is by Laurie Johnson.
Hot Millions is a great movie in every way.
But they are brilliant.
I can only echo the praise of the other reviews here.
Certainly he had to know enough to set up the dummy accounts.
Well you will see.
The best thing in the film is Peter Ustinov.
He clearly understood how Marcus should be played and runs away with the film.
Ustinov gives an assured account of the embezzler.
Cesar Romero appears also in a cameo role as an airport customs inspector.
The ending is funny and nicely cynical.
It gets better every time I see it.
If it was on tomorrow I would watch it again.
Not forgetting others in minor roles.
Emily Watson is fine in her support role as the sensitive lover Natalia.
I think I will now go on to read the novel.
Kudos to the writers of this film for creating a supremely engaging drama.
The curious character development is indicative of a nuanced and well schooled writing team.
Credit is also due to the filmmakers for breathing life into the setting.
That made it very engaging.
Contains some good lighthearted humor.
This film deserves a wide audience.
Story builds in interest and complexity.
Watson also performs brilliantly.
Story builds in interest and complexity.
He refuses to pay her.
She runs away with his keys.
The woman and her husband throw a dinner party for their trendy friends.
Husband switches conversation to desert.
Robert says that he too needs to experience men.
Both admit that the artworks are bad.
and they make love to each other.
The latter revelation turns out to be a lie.
But he manages to escape.
His life is ruined.
And she does care about him.
They look at each other.
I may be the only person who really liked this flick.
The acting is good under Mr.
This is by far my favorite film of all time.
Sean Young turns in an excellent and courageous performance.
The other cast members do a fine job as well.
It flirts with sadomasochism and the captive falling in love with captor theory.
Then suddenly he leaves her home and she swears abjectly at the closed door.
Her performance is forceful and complex.
The story of the termites and their interaction with their environment is amazing.
The cast of creatures is deep and they all play their parts well.
They brought it to the latest family gathering instead of a Disney movie.
If you can find this movie you are indeed lucky.
I like it but it is hard to recommend.
7 out of 10.
This movie is one of the funniest comedies in the history of Hollywood.
This movie is the ultimate spoof of gangster movies.
one particular quote in the movie stands out.
What makes it funny is that he does it all with an angry face.
More extreme than necessary.
I could not believe the low 5.
That is why I rated this movie 9 out of 10.
There is of course great comedy among the other characters.
Michael Keaton is F.
But there were several pretenders to the throne.
You would be surprised by how many faces you will recognize.
I know I was.
But you have to watch for when they reload.
And they have to reload a little too often.
This movie is utterly hilarious.
The conflict of brother vs.
This movie is just a lot of fun.
I gave it a 7.
But I suggest to give it a chance.
I think it is greatly over looked.
Not too many people give this movie a chance.
Michael Keaton is very funny in his role.
And he does it well.
Johnny Dangerously is a gangster who wants to go higher in life.
He just works his way up from the big bosses to a beautiful wife.
This is the movie that made me love what Michael Keaton could do.
Watch lines you will be using in casual conversation for the next decade.
recommend it to a friend.
But some of these jokes are classic.
The Moroni character is an absolute scream.
as a police Sgt.
Michael Keaton has a ball in this role as anything goes.
He has all the best lines.
This movie was made in Hungary i think.
their horsemanship is awesome.
They even sacrificed their life in several instances.
the young orphan lad that Brady befriends was a sweet kid.
it is entertaining and comic in some spots and very tragic in others.
This movie is why I found this website.
We will be recommending it to our friends.
This is certainly a movie that we will watch several times.
It tells the story of how his past is closely tied with his present.
The ending was even satisfying.
I will buy this movie and watch it again.
This is a family film and I recommend it highly.
A hauntingly beautiful film.
Brady is shot down over occupied territory.
I had never heard of this movie and it snagged me for two hours.
Really enjoyed this little movie.
Recommended to movie fans who look for something a little different.
not just traced by powder.
And I do not mind at all.
But as a movie it just cracks me.
I was pleasantly surprised I quite liked this movie.
I suggest it to anyone who loves the acting biz.
The story is simple but is mainly a vehicle for the characters and situations.
It brings us into that world with effortless irony and wit.
This movie was well done in all respects.
This movie is simply the best.
Few actors are able to play the stoic as Jet Li can.
A little suspension of disbelief goes a long way in a Jet Li film.
Think Jackie Chan with a little less comedy and more action.
I immediately knew what I would be renting out.
even though they all fall under that category.
Then I went home and watched it with subtitles and I loved it.
I am ready to watch it again.
Of course the martial arts are stunning.
We noticed that after every strike there was a cut.
Not in Black Mask.
This movie is rich with action and gore.
The story line is strong enough to support the action sequences.
As with most of the fast action martial arts movies ala.
But still all around a great high paced action movie.
I can not imagine anyone not being entranced by this film.
Talking about the U.
Very unfortunately the U.
The action was fast and furious with amazing wire work.
I only saw the wires in two shots.
They are really worth checking out and usually never disappoint.
The very first gun battle the occurs in the film was just silly.
All the protagonists in this film are just fun to watch.
Fist of Legend would have been a much better choice.
But the English release suffers from rough editing and dubbing.
This film is a Chinese comic book movie.
none of it done realistically enough to be tough to look at.
I gave it a 7.
And mindless action is right.
That is one of the reasons the ratings on this movie dropped.
My rating was an 8.
The settings in Italy and Hungary are beautiful.
My friends and I often discuss who would win a fight too.
In this film he comes across as a martial arts God.
Their only purpose is to win wars that other people lose.
They are invincible in some ways.
Jet Li is a marvel.
And that is what makes watching him so fun.
They are great together.
But to be honest.
You will love this film.
A fey story of a Martian attempt to colonize Earth.
The diner has had no customers since eleven o'clock that morning.
A young couple on their honeymoon.
And even the couples are suspicious of each other.
I always enjoy it when it is on.
One of my favorite Twilight Zone episodes.
And the next day we were in the supermarket at Hollywood Blvd.
We used to see all kinds of character actors in LA in those days.
A bus full of passengers is stuck during a snow storm.
This is another of the fun episodes of The Twilight Zone.
My vote is eight.
Well I gave this movie a 7.
I'm sure Zack could have coped.
The characters in the movie are well cast.
The truck driver is a a ringer for real truck drivers.
Only the PhD plays the zombie.
The secrets that they harbor are suitably appropriate for their characters.
In the face of death they react as real human beings would.
The movie is a warning against the dangers of unlimited surveillance by government.
As a scientific exercise with philosophical underpinnings it is fascinating.
His performance is probably the best in history.
The scene of the death of the younger priest is tremendously shocking.
But it is very well acted.
In post war France it is also about the mortal aspect of Faith itself.
North Shore takes place in Hawaii.
It has a good storyline and plot.
The most recent episode was surprising how the story worked out.
I hope Fox keeps it on the air.
it makes your comment drag on.
No wonder people have misconception and decide not to watch it.
It was wrong of them to do that.
It actually more exciting than it sounds here.
The story is not so consistence but good enough.
Zillion Times Better Than Expected.
On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story.
It is also forgotten again very easily though.
So it is nice to watch but nothing more than that.
7 out of 10 chess players caught between a rook and a hard place.
They made a big mistake by pulling that show.
The zenith of two brilliant careers.
A man travels to see his estranged brother.
One suddenly realizes that there is really meaning to life.
But being a David Lynch fan I decided to give it a go.
Lovely piece of good cinema.
When you are watching the film you can feel what Mr.
It really touched me.
Then he had them bundle the sticks and try to break them.
Hi all I am a chess enthusiast since the age of about 6.
A major example of this is the chess legend Bobby Fischer.
The position before adjournment makes for a fascinating chess puzzle in itself.
Always fancied this film from the video cover.
His stories and his style have a spell that cross the screen.
The performances are good and the final scene was incredibly touching.
Everyone who has a sibling can relate to it.
Lyle and Alvin do not even have to say anything.
this movie is about so much more than that.
It is hard to believe that this is a David Lynch film.
But it is a very straight story as the title might hint.
It is a simple film but it is indeed a great film.
That is both from a innovative and an entertaining aspect.
But maybe that IS Lynch.
That would be crafty.
The pace of the film is slow.
I would almost say lawn mower speed.
Look for the great cinematography that makes this film come to life.
The film beautifully depicts his journey and the lives he touches along the way.
David Lynch usually makes films that resemble puzzles put together the wrong way.
Perhaps art will always mean the most to its creator.
The Straight Story is not a typical David Lynch film.
He brings Alvin Straight right to us in a simple and honest way.
Along the way Alvin meets a confused and frightened young girl.
She is pregnant and has decided to run away from her situation.
After listening to Alvin speak about family she reconsiders.
Later Alvin witnesses a distraught woman kill a deer with her car.
She complains that she has killed several and leaves.
Alvin insists on paying for the call.
The man even offers to drive Alvin to his brothers with pleasure.
Alvin declines with thanks.
Alvin also encounters two bickering brothers who have repaired his lawn mower.
This scene is perfect in it is simplicity.
We want Alvin to get to his brothers.
We want him to make amends.
We want to know this world is full of forgiveness.
It was his last film and his performance was amazing.
The music and cinematography held the spell when little was happening on screen.
This film is the story of a journey.
His objective is very simple and straightforward.
His brother is ill and likely to die and he wants to visit him.
For many Lynch devotees this was a huge negative point.
Yet this is about the only criticism that many will read for the film.
The Straight Story is a multilevel exploration of the goodness and beauty of America.
A remarkable movie that will rest gently with me for some time to come.
However it is in a light that I have not witnessed from Lynch before.
Rarely has a modern film preached so positively about family.
THE STRAIGHT STORY is an honest movie rather than a saccharine one.
I know it disappointed a lot of his fans.
Others were delighted by it.
The wrinkles on his face tell many a story.
I think it is a hidden gem.
I would highly recommend it.
This is not a movie for fans of the usual eerie Lynch stuff.
She is the queen of this film beyond all doubt.
Not a single square of space is wasted.
Only the barriers erected by our fears can cut us off from it.
It breaks my heart that this movie is not appreciated as it should be.
Its the kind of a movie what i despite most.
I honestly think that performance was excellent.
But these things are only briefly hinted at during the film.
But we do not get to see that love enough.
The only thing that really let me down are the performances.
To me the film feels like unfinished.
The set design and costumes are outstanding.
I really thought that this movie was superb.
The technical aspects of the film are worthy of note as well.
A solid if not transporting epic.
While watching this film I was taken on a private journey which floored me.
Listen closely to that description.
Even their placement in a scene is pivotal to understanding what is going on.
It was a treat and a joy to watch.
If you like this film I would recommend a film called Fresh.
All of this is well borne out in the film.
Such is the price women paid in a patriarchal society.
I do not think so.
If you can work out why there might be a Ph.
I saw this on the big screen and was encapsulated with it.
Emily Blunt is perfect as Victoria.
A Perfect piece of a major part of British and Commonwealth history.
And where her mother says she has to walk stairs with an adult.
Enjoyed the movie very much.
It was paced gently and every line in the film held its worth.
Emily Blunt is sublime.
We see her nervous and overwhelmed when addressing Parliament upon her Ascension.
God save the Queen.
It had a well written screenplay and flawless editing.
Not enough can be said about Emily Blunt in this role.
She keeps you transfixed up to and including the final shot of the film.
The actors have nice chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developing relationship.
The other actors in the film are also very good.
There is not a single bad performance in this film.
It goes without saying that what makes this film so great is Emily Blunt.
It is a tricky thing to play a queen.
He last did C.
I soon got lost with all the governmental politics.
Maybe it was less engaging because there was no potential beheading of the monarchy.
It is a most worthy film among 2009 cinematic offerings.
Every scene is designed and decorated to immaculate detail.
I was the most amazed by the thoughtful cinematography.
The scene that strikes me the most was when Victoria talks to Melbourne.
Many events are rushed through or not even explained.
An act of love.
I believed what he felt was real.
No real sense of period.
It may no have been her fault but her prince deserved the crown.
It captures the atmosphere of the time and place perfectly.
The characters are unique and believable.
The settings are deliciously exotic.
Many in the audience were sniffing and surreptitiously dabbing their eyes.
Visually the film is stunning.
The acting is top notch from everybody involved.
There are three main strands to the plot.
There are also occasional infelicities.
News of the revolution reach the secluded Siberian village through the grapevine.
It can be seen in three parts.
It is much more better than Doctor Zhivago.
The director of this movie moved to America and made Runaway Train for example.
I was stunned by the cosmopolitan dimension of the art form.
a simple story mingled with humor and suspense.
i wish that a video was available in Britain.
Instead I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly.
A real pity that the 1931 original has not survived intact.
nobody knows where it goes.
There is much to enjoy.
The story of the haunted station is actually spooky even for present day standards.
You will be defenseless in resisting its multitude of charms.
They are not dated to me though.
It is an escape from reality for a while.
The set pieces in the movie are very atmospheric.
It keeps you hooked from the moment the movie starts till it finishes.
We need more of this type of movie in todays market.
It is on my list of favorite movies along with some of the classics.
this movie is for anyone who enjoys laughing and music.
No one I know can watch this movie without being at least mildly amused.
I have never been a fan of their show or their movies.
Except a leading lady.
Young Joan Fontaine was cast in this opposite Astaire.
All she basically has to do is act sweet and demure.
The poor woman is just horrible in the Things Are Looking Up number.
The idyllic lush green English countryside of P.
Wodehouse is really brought out in this VHS copy.
Her facial expressions are hilarious.
She was also a scene stealer in the W.
I would have thought it was a double except the dancing was so lousy.
Definitely worth seeing despite its flaws.
There are a few high points.
This would not have been too difficult for Dickens.
But Orwell overlooked the genre writer who transcends his fellows.
He was a handy dramatist too.
It has the normal Wodehouse touches.
This is typical Wodehouse characterization.
Wodehouse was also lucky here to have Burns and Allan to work with.
Wodehouse and music by the Gershwins.
Only the musical interludes give the story the lift it needs.
It almost seems spontaneous.
To understand it you really need to be one of Balkan.
If You do not have any of these You can not understand it.
The movie celebrates life.
This movie is very refreshing piece of visual poetics.
This is not a perfect film either.
Average western viewer would not get few references.
Next Tim Burton movie would surely have main character with pale faces.
With his outrageous and flamboyant style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.
Pure cinema in essence.
A wonderful experience to watch.
I had two hours of pure energy without rest.
What a sensitive performance.
I would certainly love to see both of these two in other movies.
The two little child actresses are wonderful too.
It went to a young girl with very limited acting potential.
	The Italian sets are stunning.
The acting in this movie is absolutely incredible.
But what really surprised me were the reviews that came after.
Allow me to explain.
Everyone started sobbing with little or no inhibition.
The theme is unusual and the script well written.
And of course a great celebration of the life of the stage.
The Last of the Blond Bombshells is an entertaining bit of fluff.
Her playing is strictly for artistic fulfillment.
Too bad they do not tour out here.
I would go see them.
See it if for no other reason than to hear some good music.
After just five minutes I was completely immersed in this beautiful film.
Everything that evolved before me was completely unexpected.
I loved it and wanted more.
The casting was magnificent in matching up the young with the older characters.
I would like to see this movie win the awards it deserves.
Thank you again for a tremendous night of entertainment.
A beautiful ensemble of older screen gems who still have that energy.
I grew up during the time that the music in this movie was popular.
This movie will be a favorite of mine.
Not that we buried him.
In the interests of the environment we had him incinerated.
Then two things happen.
One is in jail.
One has found salvation with the Salvation Army.
One they can find no trace of.
One is last known to be in the States.
We do not know if enough of them can be found.
but see nothing wrong with a little fooling around.
Another attractive feature is the number of great WWII songs played in strong swing.
The band members are an interesting group and ride above the clichs too.
Life should be this simple.
8 out of 10.
Time well spent and a fun watch for all.
I'm so glad I happened to see this video at the store.
I highly recommend it.
2 from Jazz Suite No.
This is the only film made by this director.
This is a quirky movie that the Brits do so well.
This lady is in the same league as the late Ella.
The actors deliver wonderful performances.
I do not believe this was an acting challenge for Richard Harris.
The Canadian scenery was breathtaking.
The beautiful Fall shots alone made the picture worth seeing.
This very good movie crackles with tension.
This film was a major feat of social realism.
But Kazan was anything but superficial.
Kazan did a good job with that.
Pretty much all the performances here were excellent.
I found very little to criticize here.
Contrast that with his later films where the drama is writ large.
Kazan was eventually more of a calculating promoter than a director.
These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them.
A man entering the country illegally is killed after a card game.
Good actors but also known actors back in 1950.
I can almost see where they are coming from.
People either loved the show or hated it.
It was kind of like slowing down to look at a horrific traffic accident.
Black and white suits the film.
Catch it if you can.
Too bad he lost so many years to the blacklist.
To which thankfully the final thirty minutes becomes a cracking piece of cinema.
A blight on society as it were.
Kazan shot on location in New Orleans.
We see a family man painting furniture with his young son.
The film is enjoyable thanks to Mr.
Just a comment on New Orleans accents.
I have never found out why.
Too often it is just the Hollywood version of the standard Southern accent.
The cast and crew are flawless.
I can not really condemn the movie because it does work.
but those are really only hints.
That lack of depth is what fails the movie in the end.
I gave this movie a seven casting aside the fiction historical errors.
The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down.
None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.
The acting is also very good.
The standouts in the cast are the two villains.
Kazan was a masterful director.
Navy doctor who has his week rudely interrupted with a corpse that contains plague.
The dead guy came off a ship from Europe and he had underworld connections.
If there was any less it would be an Indiana Jones film.
Panic In The Streets won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay that year.
Kazan also made good use of the New Orleans waterfront and the French Quarter.
Some of the same kinds of shots are later used in On the Waterfront.
Very similar again to On the Waterfront.
Panic In The Streets does everyone proud who was associated with it.
The great thing about this movie is the Oscar winning script.
Still the movie drags a little at some points.
For fans of the thriller genre this is a great movie to watch.
Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.
My vote is seven.
Public Health Service official Dr.
Taking that freedom too far may partially account for the sprawl.
He wanted to exploit the environment.
The sprawl in terms of setting would have still worked.
The stylistic difference to many modern films could hardly be more pronounced.
The chase scene through the packing plant is impressive even today.
The two are closely associated in this film.
Occasionally less convincing elements distract the viewer.
Apparently Dr Reed is left to fight a potential national emergency little government backup.
I have been a Star Trek fan for as long as I can remember.
The premiere of Enterprise was well worth the wait.
This movie is about human relationships.
It seems that Morgan Freeman surely have fun at the set.
Paz Vega is a beautiful and smart woman.
I really enjoy her acting.
Woman like her are a good motivation to learn Spanish language.
10 Items or Less is about zest of life.
Thats not a action film or a nude comedy.
Its all about human relations.
But it did not follow the standard Hollywood formula.
Some of the conflicts are not resolved.
They took some risks and did a few things different.
In fact nothing very exciting happens in the entire movie.
Not that much things happen in this movie but A lot of meanings.
I rank the film a 10 out of 10.
It all comes down to loving people.
She is just so fantastic that I can watch anything she is in.
The same goes for Freeman.
he is just magic on the screen.
You have to check this out.
This is the start of a new and interesting Star Trek series.
The characters need some more time to develop but they have potential.
A very good pilot though for a very good series.
They know when to say goodbye and what each garnered from the other.
This is a great independent production and one that wastes little time getting going.
And it will not waste your time either.
And it was really good.
There a couple things that really stood out in this film.
I am also impressed with the performances.
I'm looking forward to seeing her in more films.
Make sure you stay for the outtakes in the credits.
It also helps considerably that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega are playing the characters.
It shows how a positive attitude can change anything.
He gets a chance to show off a bit.
I thought it was a good movie.
The fight scene between Ms.
This movie is really genuine and random.
life is really random.
Just keep those moments in your mind as grateful and nice memories.
in the best sense of the word.
I like my endings sad and my hankies dry.
Basically I was born without an artistic soul.
And sweet it is.
I have yet to meet Adrian Brody at the market.
they fail to take into account that even we cynics have fantasies.
I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman.
So many of his titles were big budget clichs with no heart.
He is a fan of humanity.
I would definitely recommend it.
From canon we know the history of the future.
ENTERPRISE pretty much disregards much of ST canon.
An unfortunate fact for long time serious fans.
There is more military code in the cartoon STAR BLAZERS than in ENTERPRISE.
The characters making up the crew seem to be thoughtfully created.
ENTERPRISE begins its run stronger than did the past three STAR TREK series.
This movie is a little ray of sunshine in a dark season.
It celebrates a quality best described as plain old friendliness.
I have to say that I love both of these shows a whole lot.
They are completely what started Adult Swim.
Hey there were tons who hated it and tons who loved it.
The other being fever pitch.
The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful.
The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic.
A classic of world football.
The same was not true in 1982.
But now that was all behind him.
It was as if he was finally home.
A key event happened on 8 minutes.
The most famous foul in football history passed in near slow motion.
Fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack.
Butcher had been running alongside the genius as if he was offering encouragement.
England were coming home.
1986 was his World Cup.
This movie is a must for all people that enjoy soccer as an art.
The players are not the only stars.
This is what makes this movie so interesting and unique.
Their influence can be seen in several parts of this movie.
you have to watch this to know what I mean.
With gratitude and respect Mr.
Enterprise is what Trek is about.
To do this the son has to break the record opening doors.
Of course nothing works out as planned.
I can not wait to show it to my niece and nephews.
This was a delightful presentation.
Stimulating the interest and imagination is fundamental to teaching kids to love learning.
A Frank Capra WONDERS OF LIFE film.
The star of the series was Dr.
Aside from that this is fun.
That makes it worth watching if you are a Temple fan.
It is just a cute little film.
It was more provocative because they WEREN'T dressed in diapers.
It is an innocent film that was made as a parody of another film.
All of the B.
That is what should get under your skin.
Call me adolescent but I really do think that this is a great series.
The music is catchy too.
I myself feel this film is a rare treasure.
The thought may not have even entered their minds.
However the child is merely pretending.
I do not blame the child for wanting to act like an adult.
Or the old movies that display this.
This sometimes can be for the best.
It was a different time with a totally different mind set.
A SHIRLEY TEMPLE Short Subject.
Takes over Han Solos role by flying the ship and having some technical expertise.
They look like stormtroopers only with red uniforms instead of white.
The idea of a DNA weapon was nice if only it had been developed.
The English dubbed version was almost cropped and edited to death.
Though I like E.
Both Tracy and Young took the Catholic faith quite seriously.
Enterprise is that show.
It makes the ideas of exploration exciting to us again.
And that was one of the primary ingredients that made the original so loved.
Another ingredient to success was the relationships that evolved between the crew members.
Viewers really cared deeply for the crew.
Enterprise has much promise in this area as well.
The rest of the cast delivered good performances also.
My only gripes are as follows.
We need something a little more grand.
Maybe something with a little more electronic sound would suffice.
And my one other complaint.
They sell too many adds.
It makes the film warm and affectionate.
If only more people could see it.
It involves realistic events with truly enjoyable and imperfect characters.
Tracy is one of the great actors of the silver screen.
How each pair of thieves plans out the heist is a thrill to watch.
This is a great movie for any fan of Hong Kong action movies.
Kept me entertained from beginning until the end.
I thought Shannon Lee was awesome in the movie.
Was very surprised CBS would even run this in the first place.
And this show is no different.
Its funny seeing them as pretentious snobs.
Lets see how the next episode does.
But that is not necessarily a bad thing.
And it just might change the way you see the world.
I had a great time watching the first episode of Creature Comforts.
I thought it translated well for American audiences.
It was always fun and always funny.
The pig with the babies suckling and her mother is priceless.
Just the right mix of dead air and comebacks.
There are two birds in a cage.
I had never heard of Barbra before.
Her ability to pull off anything she attempts is legendary.
But they are all here from the very beginning.
You will not be disappointed in viewing this.
This segment is the brightest highlight of the special for many fans and critics.
That she succeeds so brilliantly is a key component of her legend.
sign me up for 10 seasons of this show.
But nobody can argue with the results that are so evident here.
Performers like this only come our way once in a lifetime.
it is better than it sounds.
Not so well written.
Beautiful cinematography i think not.
This movie is one of my very favorites.
I was 15 years old when this movie premiered on the television.
it is all so very funny at times and has a great love interest.
all the young cast are great.
i wish there were more type of these wonderful movies.
It was the story of Micheal and Mary Margaret.
it blows away ALL the other series openers.
I hope this goes longer than 7 years.
He played the part rather well in my opinion.
Do not listen to his Comments.
The story is original and well written.
Powers Booth and Paxton both deliver good performances.
This style of storytelling makes for a good thriller that can not get dull.
and a very ambiguous moral message.
Too bad director Bill Paxton had to go hire himself to star.
still a devil of a good rent.
My husband and I just got done watching this movie.
I'm usually very good at figuring out twisty plots.
but this one had me.
I might even have to buy it.
Whoever worked on the editing really did their job well.
And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of directing.
Now away from the technical stuff.
This movie threw me for a loop.
This movie was artistic genius.
This is a great movie that everyone should see.
It plays like a Dean Koontz book.
God has put him on a mission to rid the world of demons.
Paxton is not clairvoyant as other viewers suggest.
But I'm glad I did not miss it.
I do not think they did anything to promote it.
More surprising yet was the very limited amount of blood actually shown.
Starting with the technology.
Nothing was firmly established.
This is what Voyager COULD have been.
The suspense builds throughout and the twist ending is excellent.
Paxton is at his best in this role.
It has all the trappings of a horror film but this it is not.
Dad first sees the murders as his mission.
But I will say that it is not pleasant.
He loves his children.
We have got to do this.
The angel was clear on this.
I was pleasantly surprised.
All the main players are very good.
This movie challenges you to think.
Bill Paxton plays Dad.
The acting is incredible.
This was an extremely well made film involving faith and family.
This could be the most underrated movie of its genre.
I rank it within the top 10 most favorite horror movies on my list.
It has not one but few very intelligent twists at the end.
What a real treat and quite unexpected.
This is what a real thriller movie is all about.
I was totally surprised and delighted.
I really enjoyed the actors and their characters.
I thought they all gave a great performance and made their characters realistic.
Definitely a 10 out of 10 from me.
Their father claims he can see their sins when he touches them.
This opened with probably the best pilot to a Trek show.
The crew were really good as were the choice of actors for the parts.
When the show was prematurely canceled I was really disappointed.
In A Mirror Darkly showed us what the cast were capable of.
Pity a film or TV movie was never considered.
I was not disappointed.
Bill Paxton really did a good job of directing it too.
It was beautifully shot.
One must also note the plot twists.
He claims to have information about a serial killer chased by FBI.
What happens next is one of the most scary movie I have ever seen.
The direction of Bill Paxton is remarkable.
There is no explicit violence in this horror movie.
A great debut behind the camera.
This film is highly recommended.
My vote is eight.
The synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect.
This movie is not gory.
A very promising directorial debut for Bill Paxton.
A couple of plot twists and an eerie finale makes for your moneys worth.
Bill Paxton stars in and directs this highly original film.
Having watched the first time I was by how good it was.
The reviews I had heard were OK .
As a result I was expecting an average thriller at most .
From beginning to end it had me gripped and deserves top marks.
I had to see this gem twice to really appreciate all of it.
I will get the nits out of the way first.
They need to cut that nonsense out.
They are seeing the universe with fresh eyes.
Solid performances from all makes this film with a message easy viewing.
His supposed deceit was even used to discredit the causes which he had championed.
One of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnic identity.
The scenes of the Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed.
This is an excellent movie.
The rest of the cast is solid.
He claimed to be a mixed blood Indian.
Movie that must appears in a list of those who really loves the Nature.
There should be more movies about our Native Americans.
The Sioux Nation has been put on the back burner far too long.
Their poverty is a disgrace to our country.
A very good start.
The doctor has possibilities.
The movie is wonderful.
I definitely plan to look for the book.
This film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not.
Now that is not something you get a lot of recently.
I know some people think the movie is boring but I disagree.
It is a biography of a very complex and extraordinary person.
I give my respect.
And little bit more.
I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.
He becomes a well known speaker and the masses are ready to listen.
Anyone wanting to argue that point must first watch the movie to understand.
The movie is more about Pony than Grey Owl.
The key scene is Grey Owl admitting his imposture to Pony and her reaction.
A few observations on the user ratings.
This movie is underrated and overlooked but will be noticed for years to come.
The photography was beautiful.
I want to read as much as I can about him.
But I am not surprised.
I like all his movies whether he is acting or directing.
I gave it the highest rating.
Thanks from a proud Canadian.
A good film when you need some time from the madding crowd.
Dud nearly chokes on his repast.
Cook tries to let him down as best as he can.
Sadly very few editions survive.
It beggars belief that this situation was allowed to happen.
The show ended in 1970.
Enough footage was scraped together for a season of B.
It ended rather appropriately with Pete and Dud finding themselves in Heaven.
Moore passed on in 2002.
A disinterested look at the life of policemen.
It has been almost 5 years since the release of this stylish action flick.
The character suits her very well.
This one stood out for it is originality.
I liked the movie so much that I had to own it.
I absolutely loved this movie for it is lack of the same.
Plenty of times I have wanted to do that at a cinema hall.
Never wanted to do so when watching this movie.
Each person makes this show worth watching.
The series is set 150 years from now and 100 years before Captain Kirk.
Come on guys grow up.
The film begins as Claudette Colbert is about to marry Robert Ryan.
What follows is amazingly intelligent and captivating.
A sheep is found mutilated and then a Canadian ornithologist is found slain.
I was expecting a great Indiana Jones type action adventure.
I was delighted by the beautiful landscapes of Africa.
8 out of 10.
It is very reminiscent of a western in many ways.
My vote is nine.
I loved this movie.
Great storyline and actors and good movie sets.
I would like to know where I could get the soundtrack.
I can not find it anywhere.
Please email me if you know where I could get the soundtrack.
I think this is some of his best work.
Congrats to the producers and writers of such a great piece of work.
Watched both parts twice.
He was an excellent choice and I enjoyed every minute of this movie.
It was a big screen movie and not a made for TV movie.
Nor is it a poor attempt to be so.
This version rates a 9.
I will not detail the differences because it would spoil the film.
The cinematography is splendid and the score is perfect.
The movie holds your attention until the end.
Maybe a little dancing would help.
We have Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard as a con man and his companion.
However this is entertaining and worth watching along with LITTLE MISS MARKER.
They have all the difficulties you might expect a hardcore redneck couple to have.
Try and name a movie that depicts real life so vividly.
I have dissected this movie from end to end.
Buds mom calls him approx.
It is a documentary of real life.
This movie is a good one.
I did find one thing weird.
The best was his lousy Texas accent.
Compare that to Friday Night Lights.
I was so shocked to realize I had never watched it.
Just remember all of these BIG stars played big roles in these CHEESY movies.
This is my FAVORITE ALL time movie.
I was in the 2nd grade.
They get in a huge fight.
Bud tries to make Sissy jealous by asking Pam to dance.
Bud then goes home with Pam to her condo in downtown Houston.
Bud is the one who cheats on Sissy.
Sissy is waiting for Bud when he returns home the next day.
Sissy is the ONE who leaves Bud.
I grew up in Houston and was nine when this movie came out.
As a result I do not remember anything about the movie.
Few movies have hit me harder.
This movie is as raw and real as you can get.
I was about 11 years old i found out i live 0.
48 miles from the uncle house.
they have added homes since the movie was made.
i do not know the house number but you can go look it up.
i am now 21 and i enjoy watching this movie.
the bar on Spencer is no longer their.
I drove by the house last week the house still looks great.
where john cross over the railroad cracks they have made 225 higher.
It was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple.
Too bad they are all gone now.
This movie was a classic.
The entire story was well thought out.
I thought the cast and crew did an excellent job.
I thought the screen play was well written and directed.
Scott Glenn should have received an Oscar for best supporting actor.
I did not see this film in the theater.
I HAVE to stop and watch.
It should have been a double CD.
Thank god it was temporary.
Who would a thunk.
The soundtrack is awesome.
But their relationship becomes a real life battle of the sexes.
Bud wants to be a real cowboy.
Sissy wants to be with a real cowboy.
Or why they had to kill off Uncle Bob.
I can not even count the number of times I have seen it.
Shot in a 2.
1 mix for your viewing pleasure.
He heads to Houston to find work and love.
Debra Winger was in her prime.
She looks stunning in her red top.
There is plenty of charisma.
Bud and Sissy seem the ideal couple even if they are trailer trash.
They split up just because it feels so good getting back together.
Urban Cowboy has an amazing soundtrack.
And that Texas twang .
In 1980 the U.
The characters in it may not be the brightest people on Earth.
It started in 1980 with the election of Reagan.
The great country music soundtrack is terrific.
A fun film all the way.
I do not love Country music but I can stomach it.
I would never wear a cowboy hat but I wear hats.
James Bridges directs an American love story as real as it gets.
Marriage is a focus here that is often missed.
It also brings into view the male ego with women and competition.
She soon realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side.
He was believable and real.
still gives me goosebumps.
The supporting cast was incredible.
The dialog between them is touching.
Then I recommend that you take it for what it is.
A pity there were no sequels.
Their instrumental work is tops as well.
It is fitting that the best of this genre should come from this studio.
This has been added to the Film Preservation list and deservedly so.
Maybe the greatest film ever about jazz.
The opening shot continues to haunt my reverie.
I'm not one of those people who watches loads and loads of television.
I developed quite a crush on John Burke.
Both he and Claire did an amazing job of hosting the show together.
You could really tell that they both loved their jobs.
I was hooked instantly.
This film just added to my feelings about foreign silent films vs.
This very strange movie is unlike anything made in the west at the time.
The actors are choreographed more like dance than acting.
In three words A MUST SEE.
In this the series does quite well.
But I hope it will make people research the subject more.
Robert Carlyle overpowers and dominates the screen as no one else does.
I do not know what it is with this movies.
Especially the second part which is just a sum of events that happened.
Just to remember more vividly what happened and see Carlyle giving his best.
Yet it is announced as a surrender.
Yet this strictly American custom is employed in the film.
Robert Carlyle does a fine portrayal of his subject.
But his supporting cast is adequate at best and very often not even that.
These comments are based on the first episode only.
This film works on so many levels.
the financial disaster of 1930.
There is no greater disservice to do to history than to misrepresent it.
He was a human being.
This should never be used to educate.
as it was written.
I do not blame anyone for loathing him.
Which makes watching a refreshing experience.
Of the utterly corrupt ways Hitler used to make it to the top.
We should not forget that this movie is not a documentary.
Who cares how did his dog died anyway.
The flow of history is nicely reflected to spectators.
Mostly we only saw his followers rampaging the streets and cheering him.
I missed it when it was first on in 2003.
9 out of 10.
They provide a true portrait of marriage and betrayal.
There is one exception.
But the story still works.
But the battlefield record of Corporal Hitler is badly distorted.
First the guys beam down to an alien planet thats about to explode.
It takes a ton of convincing before Spock finally gives in and leaves.
You can literally taste the sadness at the end.
Its amazing they managed to jam all this into one fifty minute film.
The Enterprise warps away just as the star explodes.
you are a bully fine coo.
Kirk manages to get back to the library first.
I attended Camp Chesapeake.
It was a similar type summer camp with cabins.
Mr Curtis was my friend and mentor.
I idolized his every being.
Even as he could not swim he was a waterman.
These memories will be with me for eternity.
Everyone in it played a terrific role.
You actually felt like you were a part of the movie watching it.
He plays the kind of guy that everyone wishes they had in their lives.
This is also a good family movie for the most part.
I was really confused about who was who.
He said she was 21.
That made no sense.
She would have been one years old.
None of them had very great careers.
This seemed very real life.
The movie was compared to The Big Chill.
I am a sucker for films like this.
Films that take you back and let you relive your childhood.
He is kind of guy who is the patriarch of the group.
There are many touching scenes and there are many hilarious ones also.
I love this film.
I love everything about it and it is a true hidden gem.
99 it cost me.
One of the few best films of all time.
I think that is why we all like the movie to some extent.
I wish that they could make an Indian Summer version of that.
I would be there so fast.
So who ever thought this movie was lame.
I wish I could.
good movies but the wilderness becomes a character as much as the actors.
Indian Summer is a good film.
It made me feel good and I thought the cast was exceptional.
Solid directing and nice cinematography.
This movie takes me back to when I went to summer camp.
This film captures the absolute essence of what summer camp is all about.
If you have not seen this movie.
I watched this last night after not having seen it for several years.
Campers are invited to the camp of their youth and experience it as adults.
Once exciting activities now seem mundane.
The dialog and mood feel very natural and believable.
A movie that makes you feel good.
This movie is by far one of my favorites.
This series was just like what you would expect from Mr.
Maybe hi is not more intellectual than lot of Big Directors.
Themes of Woo movies is more humanistic that more of the new films.
Sounds ridiculous but this is actually an incredible film.
This remains unknown in the US which is a shame.
A true John Woo masterpiece.
The sword fights with multiple fighters are not the best although quite good.
John Woo is the man.
The scene with Chan and Pray was probably the highlight of the movie.
A good sense of suspense and well timed surprises.
This film has only had a VHS release in the UK.
I highly recommend this movie.
I enjoyed the film very much and I highly recommend it.
It had everything that makes a movie great.
except for real actors.
What can be said about Mr.
I have recently purchased the collection edition of Rudy Ray Moore.
I am deployed in Iraq right now.
This helps me to stay connected to world that I know in the states.
I recommend this site to all my friends.
I first saw this movie about 20 years ago and have never forgotten it.
i recommend to all of you to see all of her movies.
And be sure to share it with your family.
The movie runs a little over 90 minutes and has no chapter stops.
but I have to say I got a kick out of EVIL BREED.
not bad for the first 5 minutes.
And I love gory movies.
The ending makes no sense.
The way they portrayed what people their ages act like was incredibly different.
It is terribly obvious of how little of a fight the kids put up.
The image is of the tramp who really can not get the girl.
Everyone ends up in the pond except Chaplin.
I saw this important intense film tonight.
The film opens with a shocking statistic so do not miss the opening credits.
Danes can as well and both do extraordinarily well in this often challenging film.
Just give him the Oscar now.
Goring has some of the wittiest lines and delivers them with relish.
This is one film were both cuts should be made available.
THE FLOCK is a prime example.
but that is what makes it more realistic.
and that is what makes it better.
Sometimes he pushes the line at his job and beats on the sex offenders.
I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys serial killer and suspense type movies.
The Flock gets that point across nicely.
That part is a little far fetched.
He is just fantastic.
I did not have too much interest in watching The Flock.
But The Flock resulted to be better than what I expected.
That tricks feel out of place and their presence is arbitrary.
Nothing I saw detracted from the power of this film.
It does not seem that this movie managed to please a lot of people.
But this performance is all different.
Direction and photography were adequate.
Of course it is stupid.
You have to see the movie Dr.
Us stupid Americans like our stupid humor.
Anyone who says that this movie is crappy has something wrong with his head.
I found this movie hilarious.
Give it a try.
When they first discover the device and do not know what it is does.
and then again later in the movie.
you will understand when you get there.
I chose the second option.
Few directors know how to communicate essential things.
The imagery of the film was beautiful and that is all you need.
Switch off the conscious control knob of the mind and job done.
There is beautiful scenery and optical illusions.
Blending Eastern and Buddhist philosophies with the visual chicanery of M.
I liked Top Gun.
It held my interest.
Also some of the actors did not receive credit for their roles.
Denver Pyle was a good looking man in his younger days.
Sterling Hayden did the best that he could with poor material.
It is hard to imagine him as a gunslinger.
She seemed flattered that two men may have been fighting over her.
This movie shows how savage the troubles really are.
II because of the perception of the nearness of death.
People were more aware that life could be stopped at one unexpected moment.
Some of the acting was a bit suspect.
7 out of 10.
I quite enjoyed this movie for two reasons.
The second reason is the performances of the actors.
Ginger is in it for the fun of killing.
He believes what he is doing will make a difference in the future.
Clearly an hilarious movie.
Enjoyable for what it is.
I saw this movie years ago on late night television.
The world is made up two different types of moviegoers.
But if you are a Happy Gilmore type.
go see this one.
You will find it hilarious.
Go check it out.
You will be glad you did.
And that is OK.
well fear not because Tim Meadows comes through in spades.
I mean i liked it all until the end where.
Oh no i can not tell u should it for yourself.
It is funny except.
Tim Meadows at his best.
A big boost from Billy Dee Williams.
He and a very funny John Witherspoon provide a solid foundation for Mr.
Have fun with this one.
See this movie if you are into adult humor.
This movie was so good.
Leon Phelps is hilarious.
I have a sheet in my wallet.
Ferrell is his usual quality self in a brilliant side role.
Take your lover by the hand.
Release the power within yourself.
Tame the wild cosmos with a whisper.
Conquer heaven with one intimate caress.
Whip out everything you got and do it in the butt.
Hearing his smarmy lisp and salacious comments made my remote tremble with outrage.
Somehow they came up with this masterpiece.
Whenever he would do this character on the show I would crack up laughing.
I can not believe this movie is not higher rated.
Basically Meadows plays a character not unlike Austin Powers.
This time out it is Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man.
This movie falls somewhere in between a hit and a dud.
Everything seems to ultimately come down to the butt.
The singing and dancing stuff was just completely worthless.
I usually like Will Ferrell but here he just never clicked for me.
So back to the main story.
The story basically centers around Leon and sex.
I am not a big fan of Tim Meadows.
He never wavered from his wanted to just get laid persona.
Stretching the concept into 80 minutes is very difficult.
This had much better Cole Porter songs and lots more energy.
Silk Stockings turned out to be a big disappointment.
Made the whole experience a lot more enjoyable.
Suddenly he spots her a few yards away.
This movie is still great.
One original aspect was that the fight scenes where very short.
I think it is quite original.
I definitely recommend this film.
so my advise is that you should see it.
I love bad movies.
But this is really bad.
The Barbarians is so idiotic movie.
I can not describe how much I laughed when I watched this first time.
The supportive cast is splendid as well.
Absolutely a classic in it is own particular kind of way.
This movie provides a refreshingly different look at barbarians.
If you get a chance to see this movie do so.
You will definitely have a smile on your face most of the time.
the Barbarian Brothers who both seem to be having a ball with their characters.
What a welcomed and way overdue departure from the usual negative portrayals of Arabs.
It also provides a fascinating juxtaposition of traditional Islam and the secular younger generation.
A nice and unusual film.
it sets up its two main characters gently and easily.
I do not know.
Bot of them are affectionate in their frustrations.
You see magnificent views in every city they go.
For westerners it is all bizarre but fascinating.
Father and son communicate very little.
IN fact they speak different languages.
they are difficult and growth is necessary on both parts.
The same was true for the father and son in this film.
Tell your friends to see it.
You will be glad you did.
Of course the creature he picks is Bugs Bunny.
Eddie furlong is inspired casting.
and a humble life.
I certainly recommend it.
Only a couple of days later it was shown on television.
The first reason is that this movie has an actual story.
I guess there are many people who feel about modern art that way.
I give this movie a 6.
I thought this was an utterly charming film.
I think the reviewers are way off base on this one.
Went to see this movie with my brother and his girlfriend.
Both characters were unique but still very human and normal enough to relate to.
John Waters has given us a genuinely enjoyable film.
This is one of the most overlooked gems Hollywood has ever produced.
This movie is incredible.
The performances are outstanding.
I found this film to funny from the start.
One to see if you are looking for something interesting.
This movie kept me constantly entertained.
Waters has gone back to his grittier side.
This is not nearly as polished.
There is a dark side here.
There is not a false moment in this film.
but I want to believe that is what Mr.
Waters is trying to achieve.
It is fascinating to watch how Mr.
This is truly his finest work.
and everything else this country stands for.
This is John Waters best film to date.
So there are no surprises or character changes.
I enjoyed the film because of the wittiness and pace of the story.
Saw this again recently on Comedy Central.
I go 200 times a year.
The best thing about this movie is that it is fun.
I recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of fun.
It was part of the recent tribute to Mr.
Powell that played at the Walter Reade in New York.
This film marked one of the highlights in Mr.
He was an excellent film actor as he shows us in this movie.
Some of the best British film actors grace this film with their presence.
He also has 2 friends.
it is a mixture of witty comments and hilarious reality.
All of the actors are quite real and very odd.
I think this one was a better film then that one.
She lies about her identity and takes a job packing oranges.
Forget that it is in many ways outdated.
This movie has the most beautiful opening sequence ever made.
The music was really great and very well incorporated into the scenes.
This movie really surprised me.
As for the acting I think it was good.
When you see how slowly the camera pans vs.
I just about fell in love with him.
The Beatles are seen performing songs that hardly were even composed by that time.
I highly recommend this film.
I can still remember first seeing this on TV.
This film was great.
The plot was preposterous.
The action sequences contrived.
The baddies were more silly than bad.
The black actors played normal characters rather than black stereotypes.
The inclusion of a baby added a good touch.
Sympathy might have been a little difficult otherwise.
I have to disagree about the acting.
I really wanted to punch Judge Reinhold.
just watched it on sky TV missed the first half an hour.
there was no brief at the end to say what happened to everyone.
The best thing in them also was the constant tension.
What seems unrealistic is not necessarily so.
But maybe that is my error.
Just a few inches would do.
A stunt driver could do that at 100 mph.
I hope this review has put in reverse that this film is a disaster.
Or at least neutral.
And help it become a runaway success.
I guess we know why.
Suspension of disbelief went out the top window with the baby.
How this has not become a cult film I do not know.
And laugh you will.
He seems to get everywhere.
I highly recommend it.
Daniel has given probably the best performance in all his movies made so far.
Chelsea Blue is a very talented and extremely beautiful actress.
The two should do more work together.
She seems like she has more talent to be shared.
I'm still trying to figure out what some people are so excited about.
At least she can do drama somewhat.
I would give her an A all by herself.
I LOVE this movie.
The music even has a dreamy quality.
This is by far and away the most memorable role of his film career.
She also makes friends and experiences much in a short time.
I think you will like it.
She is definitely one to watch.
CAROL'S JOURNEY is a pleasure to watch for so many reasons.
The LEI average for this film is 9.
I highly recommend this film for all ages.
I was deeply moved by this movie in many respects.
Her acting was superb as well.
True to life and very human.
I found myself immersed in the story and her character.
This is truly a wonderful movie.
The movie gets exceptional marks for its lovely camera work and music.
Spain is going into the direction of political confrontation again.
That is why this masterpiece should be shown in all Spanish High Schools.
It is a tremendous lesson in the hidden criminality of fascism.
The colors are magnificent.
It is a better lesson in history than any book could contain.
Another Spanish movie about the 1936 Civil War.
A well cared production.
Another Excellent Arnold movie.
As for the story .
I'm sure we ARE meant to ask the question.
THEY do not find it incomprehensible.
What to you expect of a kid at age 12.
This is an Arnold movie.
The Running Man is a very typical Arnold feature.
I know his arm WAS skewered but.
I just adore all of the fights and this is truly a special movie.
History has shown that this is exactly what happened.
I loved this film.
I give this film a 10 for sheer originality.
I must have watched it 30 or more times.
Or so the rules claim.
Audience members also win prizes for correctly predicting who will be killed by whom.
You will love that part.
Some have said that the book is better.
But without a doubt Richard Dawson is the standout in this film.
The whole movie itself somewhat rips on game shows and big brother watching you.
The futuristic world and humor are great.
But the great thing about this film is it was quite prophetic.
All 3 are amazing.
Nevertheless the storyline is absolutely fantastic.
Now I would not have elected him governor but that is California for you.
When the stalker is dead.
This movie is one of the most Underrated movie of its time.
Hope you enjoy this gem as much as i did.
There is a little bit of gore.
Technological advances have not dated this classic love story.
Special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie.
The acting is superb.
It is my favorite movie of all time.
A chilling and surprisingly realistic tale of reality TV gone mad.
Not when you think about it.
And the masses believe what the media tells them to believe.
Usually it is far from the real truth.
Gone is the horrid letterbox picture.
The colors sparkle and literally pop from the screen.
The new Dolby 5.
I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago.
The episode begins when an elderly man murders his wife out of unknown motivations.
My vote is eight.
The ending features multiple twists.
A mad scientist creates an almost undetectable poisonous gas.
The College Girl Murders is a real treat for the eye.
Some of The College Girl Murders has no flow or rhythm to it.
Better pacing would have made this a much more enjoyable movie.
This one has a real funky feel to it that I really go into.
From beginning to end it oozes class.
It is as fresh today as it was in 1946.
For a low budget movie this was really good.
Watch out for the cameos of Jeanne and Jared.
She connected well with the action sequences and executed with confidence.
His charisma on screen is always a pleasure to watch.
I loved how the game was played right to the last second.
The film is set in a ward for problem pregnancies.
I could and enjoyed the film quite a bit.
Loretta Young and Eric Linden are a sad case.
Glenda Farrell is an awful person.
But it is highly recommended viewing when it does show up.
This film is highly interesting and entertaining.
The acting is brilliant all around.
Loretta Young is gorgeous here in her prime.
Eric Linden comes out of nowhere and is sincere as can be.
His innocence is reminiscent of Michael J.
I found the film fascinating and exceptionally moving.
I felt his every concern keenly.
9 out of 10.
He was such a rotten guy but he did make me laugh.
He stole the show.
I really wanted to know what happens next.
I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short.
We start in a school yard.
Two friends are debating on skipping class.
So kid B skips and kid A goes to class.
They were going to learn the meaning of life.
I suggest everyone watch this short.
This is one of the best of the genre.
The fight scenes are frequent and very bloody and brutal.
The first was good and original.
So I heard a second one was made and I had to watch it.
Home Room really surprised me.
Alecia is an outcast who witnessed the entire shooting.
She seems to show no emotion about it.
Deanna is a popular girl and the only surviving victim.
Alecia is forced to visit Deanna at the hospital in order to graduate.
Alecia and Deanna are very different and do not get along at first.
Eventually they develop a mutual understanding for one another and become friends.
Home Room Beautifully shows the power of closeness and turmoil after a school shooting.
I would recommend this film to anyone and everyone.
He is a simple samurai who looses all of his wealth.
Each actor reaches up to their role.
probably faster than several movies nowadays.
This movie is superlative.
Putting the mini movie at the end was a great idea.
We Watched It Like A Couple Of Times And It Was The Best.
I will Get Used To It.
Good Thing Ash And Sam Managed To Snap Him Out Of His Control.
I think this is why people do not like Pokemon.
I have always enjoyed the Pokemon movies.
I love the music in the movie.
So great they kept the Japanese music.
It has a great feeling of friendship.
They could have made his part in the movie a little bigger.
This is a fun movie.
My children sat quietly through the entire thing and loved every minute of it.
I am glad that we got to enjoy this together.
And that is fabulous.
When their superiors order them back into action with Sgt.
I only saw it once.
We were so young.
It was lived by the spectator I was.
A must see by anyone who enjoys this type of movie.
This is the ultimate buddy movie.
i actually liked it better than the 1st one.
i found it more entertaining.
it seemed like it was shot documentary style.
Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.
The motion picture has thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show.
His greatest wish is to become a soldier.
The movie is directed by George Stevens.
The three leading men are brilliant.
Cary Grant is Sgt.
It can be everything a good movie requires.
give superb comic performances.
It never fails to enthrall me.
The lead actors worked so well together.
I just can not get over their exploits in India.
They find the temple of gold and are trapped by the evil Kali supporters.
Din is sent to fetch help and Cutter gets captured.
The Soldiers attack the evil ones and soon defeat them.
To be certain Sgt.
A reckless brave courageous soldier who did not know fear.
It will make a man out of him.
I like that sentiment.
I think this is an excellent film.
A very large scale battle ensues and the enemy is nullified.
Cutter says good work soldier.
This is a very sober point and then he comes to Din.
So I had even more reason to watch.
It was actually better than most sequels for TV movies.
The range of emotions within it is the mark of a great movie.
Stiff Upper British lip and all that.
This movie is one of my all time favorites.
And you will recognize the area from any Randolph Scott movie.
Their physical skills are all on display.
Not a moment of this movie is to be taken seriously.
Dynasties rose and fell.
Or hatred of women.
Men WILL form bonds by working together in a way that women do not.
Hunting is more effective as a team enterprise.
The only cast member that is still alive today is Joan Fontaine.
It certainly has the same rough house humor that Ford laces his films with.
To my surprise I learned it was George Stevens who actually directed it.
Their rule depended on the native troops you see here.
But that is the subject of Gandhi.
The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven.
An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes.
To a young boy this was a great film.
Three strong male leads and only a hint of romance.
Not like today when the more skin is greeted with delight.
Too late to lament lost innocence.
I love how Stanley just dumps the women into the lake.
The film picks its villains well.
The main focus is on Sgt.
Anchoring the trio is Sgt.
It reeks of colonial apologia.
This is a great movie.
Seen it about 10 years ago.
And would like to see it again.
And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs.
The movie is in a way really happened.
They both give strong performances.
I do not weigh every movie with the same scale.
So it gets a lower rating from me than this movie.
I expect more from George Lucas.
A great comedy which deserves a wider audience.
It was not as bad as some critics were making it out to be.
The cast are also quite good.
Which makes me ponder.
It does have some merit.
This movie is probably my favorite movie of all time.
Miriam Flynn is excellent as Bunny Packard.
I loved this movie.
He also sells her to men.
She escapes to New York and literally sleeps her way to the top.
Nowadays it is pretty tame.
She makes you believe that she enjoys being cruel and sleeping around.
There are also strong supporting performances from handsome Donald Cook and George Brent.
I give this a 9.
She uses her female attributes to sleep her way to the top.
I loved the banter and strong lines between the actors.
Both are classics and a bit better than this film.
Our crafty protagonist does enough skulduggery that all themes are about equal.
And you are lower than any of them.
Look for John Wayne dressed up in a suit and tie in one scene.
This film was all together an alright movie.
I enjoyed this movie a lot.
What I enjoyed most was when she realized what love really was.
The story is no nonsense.
Not a great film but certainly an enjoyable one.
Sequels hardly ever live up to the original.
This definitely proves true in this case.
Quite frankly it is a bit different.
I'm giving it a 6 out of 10.
Lily Powers works at a speakeasy until her father dies.
She then goes to New York to work at an office building.
And what men want is her.
The young John Wayne is seen as Jimmy McCoy Jr.
This movie deals with a brave topic and it does it good.
Baby Face is historically significant movie and therefore good to watch.
Finally she has had enough and relocates to the big city.
Too bad the movie is so short.
And it is not sexual.
Sentiment does not intrude when she is ready to climb the next rung.
Her father is Robert Barrett.
More about this later.
But Morse was a man in a man dominated company.
She is riding with him to the hospital as it ends.
Neither of these are good endings.
And she also never seems to meet any men who are gay.
Otherwise nobody would read him today in college courses.
This is a great film from 1933 which was produced by Darryl F.
It restores vital scenes cut by censors upon its release.
A wonderful film of seduction and power.
One possible result is death.
By all means watch this gem from the distant past and enjoy.
or should I say make time.
No sense going over the story since enough reviewers have done that.
and men will fall over themselves to help you out with whatever you want.
This would be the only time these two performers appeared together on screen.
I have probably already killed at least ten hours watching this film.
This movies also proves that American media spouts government propaganda.
This is an astounding film.
A great film to educate young people about democracy.
It is not only History that Bites.
Democracy can give you one hell of a nip if you let it loose.
And in Venezuela it is loose.
That the mainstream media aided and abetted George W Bush is not surprising.
Their response is the highpoint of the film.
If one seeks an excellent portrait of what the U.
You have never seen anything like it.
A case of being in the right place at the right time.
What a fascinating film.
It is easy to see why Chavez is so popular with his people.
He gets things done.
And it is also easy to see why the west hates him so much.
Or how about the axis of evil.
People need to wake up.
And get different points of view.
Go watch this movie with an open mind.
And make your own mind up.
It is not the people of America that are the problem.
It is the government.
He is found innocent but is cattle is stolen by a corrupt judge.
It gets much better at the halfway point after they arrive in Alaska.
This really is an incredible film.
These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before.
Truly a moving experience for anyone with a conscience.
These Irish film makers deserve our gratitude.
He seems as devoted to them as they are to him.
But not everyone is happy with the situation.
This is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation.
I highly doubt whether George W.
One of the best documentaries released in recent years.
It is all real.
A marine officer in the film mentions this also.
That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets.
It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez.
The Irish crew set off with those intentions.
I had no idea of the facts this film presents.
I supposed the protagonist was Mr.
The year is 1896.
They are driving a cattle herd with them.
That would be their key to richness.
Now Jeff only has to get it back and drive it through the U.
Canadian border to Dawson.
There the two men get into the gold business.
The acting work is superb.
Walter Brennan makes a terrific sidekick to Stewart.
This girl was the part.
Ten out of Ten.
Everyone must see this.
Chavez was elected in a landslide vote in 1998.
He banned foreign drift net fishing in Venezuelan waters.
He wiped out illiteracy and set up new free Universities.
They went to the Palace in their millions and demanded that Chavez be returned.
Chavez was rescued by military helicopter and returned to jubilation.
Ten out of ten stars is no exaggeration.
This documentary provides the viewers with unique footage about the 2003 coup in Venezuela.
You will feel like you are in the middle of the situation.
The material in this documentary is so powerful that it brought me to tears.
That can not be tolerated.
Venezuela puts American alleged democracy to shame.
It is a quite remarkable film.
and unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.
This is something new.
Also highly entertaining and exciting.
Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I have read.
The year is 1964.
No Swelling sound track.
Just clean shots and an attempt to stick to the facts.
What makes this film a true thing is that it is clean.
Just square shots and straight forward shooting style.
The type of camera used makes you feel right there in the jungle.
He did a wonderful job and I will respect him for ever for this.
speech and the Gorilla preparations in Bolivia.
Small and completely forgiven.
The landscape is gorgeous.
And the supporting performances are universally fantastic.
He seems to have specialized in playing best friends.
Extraordinary focus is given to Che meeting the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions.
He is reasonably unreasonable.
Che drives an unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded man behind.
But there is no feeling that he is deeply directly concerned with his men.
It is the concept.
They exchange fire with faraway assailants.
This is not a war movie.
There is no elaborate cinematography.
You may think the film is too long.
then it definitely works.
The first one meant victory.
This one means defeat.
You will understand it even without that knowledge.
He bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way.
The film is far from perfect.
It is probably too long.
I watched part one two days ago and today I saw part two.
A good example of this was when Castro continued his leadership in Cuba.
that is why I give this film a 7 out of 10.
Guerrilla works remarkably well as a standalone film.
The odds stack up against the revolutionaries.
The direction throughout is superb.
5 hours is about right for a movie.
The battle scenes zing as if you were dodging the bullets yourself.
The second movie takes place almost entirely in the forest.
You will wind up missing half the glorious Alberta cinematography by William Daniels.
8 out of 10.
I feel exactly the opposite.
For the most part it was structured finely but somewhat distracting.
Part Two picks up.
not where the last film left off.
Guerrilla an unmitigated downer since the Bolivian revolt was doomed from the start.
There could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions.
It is a serious miscalculation.
I found myself glancing at my watch and thinking it could have been shorter.
Success or failure in any particular instance become mere details.
I love cinema so what I'm about to confess embarrasses me deeply.
But I felt into a trap perpetrated by.
The regard for its audience is something that we are not used to anymore.
I do not know if we ever were.
The humanity of the man is overwhelming.
The technical mastery is astounding.
And that is life.
but the great outdoors holds many a mystery.
The wildlife footage is still fascinating.
Respectable folk could get hurt out there.
Not in this one.
It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
A must see for anyone who loves photography.
which works for children very well.
The plot is uncomplicated.
Dare I say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart.
I think that is important for kids to see and try to understand.
Still worth it if they can sit still.
And so it goes on.
I had little to no expectation for THE FOX AND THE CHILD.
This was delivered in spades.
The child and the fox And the story is simple.
Without the hint of an adult in sight.
So she strikes up a friendship with a fox.
Is it a good family film.
I enjoyed every minute of it.
I actually quite enjoyed this show.
I became a fan of Dick Francis.
I would recommend it if you are interested in horse racing and mysteries.
I love CAGED TERROR.
I found the film to be quite creepy.
Good western with many favorite old faces in the lineup.
It was like a bad dream.
Gaunt and ghoulish Charles Middleton is effective as the Strangler.
His final victim is to be the daughter of the ferryman.
I had never seen this film before.
not just the path to the swamp ferry boat either.
Heck she even takes naps on the swamp grass outdoors.
Books on early feminist films should be sure to include this overlooked work.
And be sure to wear your cast iron turtle neck for protection.
The plot is simple.
Its an amazing piece of film making that is probably unique in film history.
Its definitely worth a look if you can come across it.
Strangler of the Swamp is a must for old horror fans like myself.
I just wanted to relate this story for future film historians and buffs.
are highlights of this 1917 feature.
Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very funny.
And the final scenes on the sinking ship are very well done.
Griffith for the story ideas.
I waited until the 4th of July to write this because .
because it just feels right to be doing it on this day.
This movie is the result.
Something is clearly missing.
Maybe what is missing is .
dare I say it .
Lionel had been working with Griffith on and off since 1912.
A story goes that he approached Griffith for work and D.
The stunningly voluptuous Ms.
When her grandparents lose their lives to the brutal thugs.
Artwork is of good quality either.
This was stupid funny movie.
i rate this film a 7.
I was really surprised to see that this movie was released in the U.
Walter Brennan does basically the same role he did in Red River years earlier.
but it is funny.
I found it to be really good.
My dad actually recommended me to get it.
What a family I have.
Check it out anyway.
I'm sure you will laugh.
But this is most definitely the best.
I heard they are writing a new script so who knows.
It would have been better if that network had not aired it at all.
The lovable burn out smokers are now roommates.
He has a job and a steady girlfriend.
He received some experience when he did some uncredited work on UP IN SMOKE.
Funny but not as good as the first film.
Followed by NICE DREAMS.
It is good to see such tides turned and how silly they are.
Watch it with a small group or party of mixed gender and 97.
And the other 2.
The audience was laughing all the way through.
This movie was hysterical.
The comedy hits hard and is fairly constant.
We are talking nonstop laughs.
It makes SOMETHING ABOUT MARY seem like a meandering drama.
He is a major talent.
Check out the trailer on whipped.
I look forward to his next effort.
Everyone can use some of it sometimes.
Of course this meant I had to see it.
I was pleasantly surprised as Whipped is actually rather a good movie.
Unfortunately he can not satisfy her sexually and ignores her.
Frustrated she goes home and plans to get a divorce.
Her horse gallops off with her clothes.
They make love and she realizes this is the man she wants.
Now today they are back in.
Shock episodes aside this is just OK.
Except for the music score this could be a silent picture.
So I admire this film more than anything else.
Many people seem to love this movie so I'm in the minority.
Use your own judgment.
Enjoy a great Classic film which was a Shocker Film in 1933.
I will not spoil what transpires.
I gather at least a few people watched it on Sept.
was so chopped up by censors that it was practically unintelligible.
I would love to see the first version released in the U.
I can not comment on this film without discussing its significance to me personally.
As a child bad health prevented me from ever going to a cinema.
She makes love for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience.
This makes it not only almost unique but extremely rewarding to watch.
This was a very daring film for it is day.
One did not need it anyway.
She knows this man is different.
They fall in love for each other and become lovers.
My vote is eight.
However her horse gets romantic notions itself and gallops off to greet its stablemate.
And so the romance is born.
I think there are several worthwhile reasons why.
But in the sense that the characters seldom speak when we expect them to.
I do not claim either to be any better or worse.
They do not jar as much as one would imagine.
Ecstasy is a film that is desperately in need of rediscovery.
It belongs amongst the best films ever made.
This was to be the start of a legendary career.
The husband seems more interested in neatness and order than he does in love.
Some thought it to be scandalous.
Eva goes for a horseback ride and happens across a beautiful lake.
Many might have presumed it was career suicide.
But the story is compelling too and the direction is ahead of its time.
The only thing that really lets the movie down is the acting.
This film is great.
Polanski manages to create a surreal atmosphere of dread and paranoia.
But these are trivial concerns.
A fine Western costume drama.
They share loneliness and to what extent is revealed as the film progresses.
This movie on the other hand was compelling and realistic.
This is my kind of film.
I am fascinated by strange psychotic nightmares and this movie is just that.
But it is also a dark comedy.
The previous tenant is in a hospital after a suicide attempt.
He and Stella become pretty close.
The fantastic Shelley Winters is The Concierge.
The Tenant is something very scary from time to time.
It gives a lot of that psychological scare.
The circle is closed.
The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer.
But as for the preoccupation.
Then the twists and turns start.
Once I watched The Tenant and interpreted it as a horror movie.
Last time I watched it I challenged this initial interpretation.
The overall weirdness of the film is also a plus.
He seems to have few strong feelings about his likes and dislikes.
as his own personality rapidly begins to be wiped away by his own insanity.
Another key theme is helping people and in turn being helped by people.
The loner can do neither and suffers for it.
This nicotine addiction proves fatal.
Probably the first and last time on the screen.
Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously.
My vote is eight.
But I did something almost as good.
Movies so sensitive to beauty that you cry for weeks afterward.
I did not watch it.
I deferred until I thought I would be big enough to deserve it.
Trying to get the inners from the edges.
What happens is that time folds and he becomes this woman.
We are fooled into believing that he is merely mad.
The story hardly matters.
The two never meet.
There is a dissonance that may haunt me for the next 30 years.
What Roman does is take this movie and turn it inside out.
We know that everything we see is true because he is the narrator.
We know that the narrator will kill us.
It seems strange for me that some people call this movie a black comedy.
A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia.
Polanski was also a master of the slowly unfolding horror film.
This is a rare chance to see Polanski himself in a major role.
This is one creepy movie.
He also believes that they are trying to do the same to him.
What results is a amazing and frightening look at paranoia.
She does offer him employment to get supplies for herself to Dawson.
Renee follows and warns them that Gannon and his associates are following.
There is soon two groups in the town of Dawson.
One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a decent town.
But the Mounties will not be setting up a station in Dawson for months.
Polanski finds the invisibility of his characters and makes something enormous out of it.
A must see for any movie fan.
She was truly amazing in this movie.
She is mortally shaken with the fact her attacker knows her address.
Kudos to director Robert M.
The man has her purse.
His name is Joe.
A long battle begins against this man.
James Avery is seen as Security Guard.
She got a Golden Globe nomination.
This is not a movie that is supposed to entertain you.
It asks a question is revenge justified.
I loved this excellent movie.
After being rejected by the police she realizes she is on her own.
They are too easy on these criminals.
They find out they have some things in common besides an animal attraction.
She eventually has to decide between Gannon and Jeff.
His demise symbolically opens the door for a woman companion replacement for Jeff.
The sequences shot in the Canadian Rockies provide a breathtaking backdrop to the action.
He pays her a visit one fateful day.
The movie ultimately amounts to a showdown between its two opponents.
This review owes its existence entirely to a review.
My wife and I are greatly blessed by not having any significant musical education.
Such a purchase would increase the average.
From there the movie grows into a colorful story of friendship and loyalty.
I loved this movie.
Kudos to the director and all others that participated on this production.
Quite a gem in the film archives.
I really enjoyed this movie.
Britney is an excellent role model for teens and should be more appreciated.
Holly fulfills her dreams just like Britney.
She will never know how much that means to me.
For the average adult male.
2 out of 10.
I watch movies to be entertained.
What is the movie and does it entertain me.
I watched this movie for the message.
should be more of them.
But forget all of that.
this movie is fun.
Virginia Madsen as the mother does a great job.
so good that I'm going to start watching for her movies.
She reminded me of Diane Lane for all the good reasons.
The production values are above usual TV standards and the music was really great.
It was made back when Cecil B.
They pass a destroyed church of which only one wall remains standing.
Against the wall is a very large crucifix.
com based on my other interests.
They hit the nail on the head with this one.
There is just nothing fit to watch on TV anymore.
It is a shame that the network did not continue it.
You will not be disappointed.
I can not wait to view the episodes which were not aired.
Lucas Black as Caleb is also a superb player.
I had the most tremendous lust for the devil for once in my life.
Favorite actor was Lucas Black.
I adore that southern accent.
There is some hot n steamy scenes.
Some Devilish ones too.
I was sorry to see it cut off.
I would have loved to see where it could have went.
Lucas was frightening and alluring.
I could never remember the name of this show.
I use to watch it when I was 8.
It was the best show to me.
He is a great actor and has been since he was a kid.
I miss this show and wish it would come back out.
If anyone ever sees where they are selling the season please email me.
This was one of the best shows ever made for TV.
Full of mystery and intrigue and twists and turns.
I was lucky I saw this in the UK.
Sheriff Lucas gave many a viewer the willies.
We rooted for Caleb as he strove to resist the overtures of Sheriff Lucas.
The suits definitely made a big mistake in not supporting this show.
This show is quality viewing for a discerning market hungry for quality viewing.
The audience also realizes what Stewart must do.
This is where a great scene occurs.
Stewart walks into his cabin.
He has a sling on his arm.
He stares at it for a few seconds.
He tosses the sling away.
I watched the whole series in like 2 days.
I wanna be like HIM when I grow up.
Lucas Black is great too.
The accents are great too.
After realizing what is going on around us .
the whole new world .
I started looking for this series .
and I was shocked when I read about it and about CBS .
it was trying to deliver a hidden message about something terrifying .
The people who stopped it are the same who are controlling the world Now .
The writing was 1st class and the production second to none.
This show would never be made today and that this a shame.
I really like this show.
I can readily see how it achieved cult status.
Different strokes for different folks.
What we are not seeing is often the most frightening.
Lucas Buck is a narcotic.
He should be like the ultimate loan shark.
The sheriff would be like the next door mythology.
They had me from the first show.
Welcome to Trinity County.
The sheriff is really Satan.
It turns out that Satan has a son named Caleb.
Lucas used it as an excuse to teach Caleb a lesson about evil.
Lucas told Caleb that Ted had half a conscience.
It was pretty funny.
He was taunting the criminals.
And of course he was in complete control at all times.
They actually had you favoring Satan.
Very very excellent show.
it was one of my favorite horror shows of all time.
That is until now.
The comparisons made to Stephen King are just about right.
All in all the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT.
The only hanging thread I felt was Dr Matt.
Having him not be in the final episodes is strange.
I stumbled on this series rather by accident.
Cunningly interesting Western from a director who had few peers in the genre.
The cinematography from William H.
his character had an innocent charm.
There is still commentary and even a little satire.
I was disappointed in how predictable some of the plots and developments thereof were.
I could see many of such coming a mile away.
I recommend it to fans of the franchise and of British comedy in general.
or trying to woe a suitable bride for the prince.
We could still use Black Adder even today.
Hugh is sensational as the dimwit Prince George and Edmund as his brilliant assistant.
I love the episode which Kenneth Connor guest stars as a British thespian.
The two thespians do a silly little act to ward off evil spirits.
Black Adder is funny and almost too good for television.
Some of the best cinematography ever done in the history of film.
One of the best westerns ever.
Rowan Atkinson is hilarious as the verbose and put upon butler Edmund.
He died of complications from the Aids virus.
Holmes involvement in the brutal Wonderland murders.
Despite being mislead the film is actually engaging.
I was completely convinced that I was watching what John C.
Holmes probably looked and acted like in real life.
If you are a John C.
Kudos to director and cast for such a realistic film.
It made me want to cry at times.
his performances of this nature usually leave me in awe.
This movie is a victim of such circumstances.
That is not to say there are not some great performances here.
The other characters fade in to the woodwork which is a pity.
Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role of drug dealing biker.
as are most people.
This is how out of control some lives can become.
He attempts to steal them the herd.
The supporting cast is just as good.
Boogie Nights is also roughly based on his life.
The director does not introduce one single likable individual among the cast.
they will sit around and get high again.
The story was better off with a more straight forward approach.
He is the center of this story anyway.
Nothing compared to Boogie Nights which was kind of slow.
The movie deserves being watched more than once.
The seventies ambiance sensual and full of drugs is amazing.
The actors are the main force holding all together.
5 out of 10.
The best thing about the movie is its quick pace.
There is no time wasted on unnecessary crap.
The cast is good.
Brilliant film of a brutal true story.
One of the most disturbing and tragic periods in American history began.
The fact that Holmes is a porn star is almost irrelevant.
This is a story of a transitional and forgettable era.
Most of these themes revolve around the almost tragic hero of Paul.
On some of those rocks are timeless raindrops.
I am haunted by waters.
This is one of the most amazing stories I have ever seen.
To be honest I really do not know what the problem with it is.
The story is pieced together from the retelling of a few of the participants.
The only thing that is missing is the perspective from the dead people.
He is a caricature of a real person.
The details of the real life murders make this movie even more eerie.
The cocaine use seems so realistic as to make one think.
It is twitchy and grainy.
This is a graphic movie.
This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone.
But the rest of the cast generally give good performances.
I do not know why there are some people who hate this movie so.
Get it while it is still around.
This is rather perfect.
Then we hear something that sounds like a party.
Our star of the picture has his number and his friend his.
The fishing scenes that were filmed in Montana are absolutely breathtaking.
I had no idea that fly fishing could be so attractive.
oh but that would be telling.
Its an amazing little movie.
and its a charming movie that will just make you smile.
Its just a fluffy piece of enjoyment.
I'm sorry I can not say more.
Its just a nice little movie and thats really all you need to know.
The overall humor is really great in this movie.
Also of course the musical moments were more than great.
This is a really enjoyable light and simple pleasant early French musical.
It all adds to the pleasant light comical atmosphere and cuteness of the movie.
Everything about it is quite excellent.
The songs are wonderful.
The acting is very good for this kind of movie.
The romantic moments are also very well developed.
This is definitely one of the high points in cinema history.
This piece is of some interest.
My criticisms of the disc are not that important.
I have no clue why not.
They did a fine job on this film.
The storyline was quite confusing as well.
In typical Japanese fashion it is extremely complicated and confusing.
This constant flipping through time was very much confusing for me.
Karen goes upstairs after hearing noises when she encounters a frightening ghost.
The settings are creepy.
This is the scariest movie I have watched.
I did not see the Japanese version.
I recommend this to horror fans.
I rarely get SCARED when watching films.
But I did get scared from Grudge.
That was probably a good thing.
This film stands on it its own.
I do not agree.
I gave this film 8 of 10.
until i saw The Grudge.
I worried about seeing a bad movie.
I do not consider this a bad movie.
Just a rather well made horror movie.
The scary moments were often predictable.
I gave it a 7.
I am not one of those people.
You get the idea.
I think the most scary scene was.
The next time I hear a cracking noise I will probably feel pretty scared.
Buffy actually does a very good job.
She looks vulnerable and is able to convey her fear well.
a hell of a lot better than the ring.
I saw the movie by myself.
Maybe it is a delayed influence from the success of M.
The original versions of these films should just be playing in U.
theaters in wide release.
I went to this movie expecting an artsy scary film.
What I got was scare after scare.
They become haunted no matter where they are.
I am going to see it again this week and am excited about it.
I gave this film 10 stars because it did what a horror film should.
Like this is Lynch passing gas between his real pieces of film art.
What can you do with aspects of modern life but laugh at it.
If you took it seriously you would go nuts.
The most remarkable feature of these brief pieces are their soundtracks.
Each episode has its own rhythm.
Respiratory and digestive systems provide percussion.
Physical violence supplies the beats.
Chirping birds and buzzing sockets brush along the edges.
Many other elements fill out the orchestra.
I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this.
no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.
I was dead wrong.
but he is victorious in the end.
The ants put on a fabulous song and dance show.
They do give another insight into the mind of one of my favorite directors.
I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this.
no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.
This 1988 film is really a great little film.
Overlooked by most people.
I saw it in the theater in 1988 and have loved it ever since.
I recommend it to those who love the movie.
I have always enjoyed films that depict life as it is.
Robert Redford brings a lot to the film.
His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly.
6 out of 10.
One of my favorite movies I saw at preview in Seattle.
I actually sent Mike Ferrell some donation money to help the film get distributed.
Not really a dry eye in the house.
Why Hollywood continues to be stupid I do not know.
Get this and see it with someone special.
It is a gem.
He has a disability.
He lives with Eugene who is studying to become a doctor.
Eugene also develops a romance which begins to separate him from his twin brother.
Eugene yells at Dominick and throws him against the wall.
The fact that they must part ways became a very real emotional strain.
He runs away from the scene and hides in a building.
It is somewhat difficult to believe that this went completely unaccounted.
The story will sit with you awhile.
but you hear it in a bar.
I love the childlike humor and appreciate it.
It was so fun.
I remember seeing this one when I was seven or eight.
I recommend this one for all you parents with small kids.
This is a pretty strange movie.
The effects are very good for such a small film.
Someone called it a Party movie and it is.
I will buy it and judge for myself.
Story is basically a Nuclear power plant goes bad and makes zombies.
Then his guts are shoved out of his mouth.
There are a million gore gags and it is almost ALL action.
The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well.
I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for.
Scenes like those would have kept the audience awake.
It is pretty dumb.
but it is also a lot of fun.
I gave this movie an 8.
I have to admit to enjoying bad movies.
I love them I watch all of them.
This wakes up some zombies.
The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll.
I have to admit to enjoying bad movies.
I love them I watch all of them.
This wakes up some zombies.
The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll.
Buildings were under water.
cars and houses were underwater.
The fact this movie got made at all is a miracle.
And it is fast paced and energetic and really funny.
From there it just gets crazy and gory and fun.
I have read these reviews on here a few times.
They use the same words and sentences.
Zombie Bloodbath is cheap.
It has some bad acting.
So does half the movies made.
There is much much WORSE out there than this fun movie.
I give both bad and good reviews myself.
It moves fast and never has a dull spot.
You tried to post this same review at Amazon and it got yanked there.
The SAME review only it said it was from Missouri.
This nonsense HAS to stop.
It is obvious you have not seen the films.
Hope this review helps some people see through the stupidity going on here.
And these zombies are fun.
The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well.
I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for.
That guy is truly the highlight of the night.
God bless Todd Sheets.
A ragtag handful of uninfected folks do their best to survive this grueling ordeal.
i give this movie a 10.
Since I am so interested in lake monsters i really dug this movie.
This movie is worth a see.
Good B movie fun for all ages.
The filmmakers spoil the audience with frequent shots of the monster and its mayhem.
I like this movie in a low budget drive in sort of a way.
If you want a real authentic drive in monster movie look no farther.
There are also some good moments of humor.
The overall design is also something very different.
This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen.
The cast is terrific and do a great job in portraying their characters.
I warmly recommend it.
The story and the characters are wonderfully developed .
The Internet Database lists this as a TV show.
Gone a guy who can not seem to keep his head on.
Maybe they are all real or dreams.
Maybe only one exists and dreams of the others.
You will have to wait and find out.
guaranteeing that the beauty intrinsically found in the comic would be faithfully reproduced.
I find this show quite funny and I enjoy watching it.
The acting is O.
We see it in 2009 as somewhat old and maybe predictable.
I give it a 10.
This episode apparently grew out of the cold war.
It then becomes a battle for turf.
They come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again.
But it still is captivating and interesting.
was then embroiled in.
What a savior for peace this movie is.
This 30 minutes is no doubt the sexiest of the series.
And that is about it.
The entire drama rests solely on the shoulders of Mr.
But then one of the kids get kidnapped by Mr.
This film contains some of the best stuff Mike has ever done.
Smooth Criminal is pure genius.
I will rate each segment individually.
Segment 1 opens the film with a Music video.
I even loved the message in the song.
Other than that the segment is still good.
This segment is the Music video but it is redone by Kids.
I liked the dancing but that was like out of nowhere.
I also thought the special effects were good.
I mean why would you talk about drugs in a kids film.
Other wise it was good.
And I do not say it in a bad way.
I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7.
And I liked it that way.
Michael Jackson as an actor was good and so were the other cast members.
A man with powers that are not of this world.
She gave it to me to read after we had seen the movie together.
On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops.
I am haunted by waters.
It was so interesting and moving.
I think teens should watch this movie and will learn from it.
I wish it could go in the movies for more people to see.
It then shows the Speed Demon video.
like it when he does the lean.
This is THE most nonsensical film I have ever seen.
But you will find more.
The robot scene in particular is a bit drawn out and strange.
I think that this movie is very neat.
When I first saw this movie I was with my dad.
He encouraged me to watch this movie because it was one of his favorites.
After watching the movie it instantly became one of my favorites.
The movie follows these characters as the each follow their own path.
There is no downside to this movie.
You will be entertained the whole way through.
The two things that are exceptional are the cinematography and the score.
Both of which entrap you in the world Robert Redford creates for you.
This is an all around great movie that is destined to be a classic.
It sure is in my book.
Mr Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon.
There also should be a few uninterrupted videos.
Everything I have mentioned is here.
Without Mr Michael Jackson the universe of music videos would be rather poor.
Something the whole family can watch and enjoy.
It also includes some live concert footage.
This movie is great.
This film is no more than a highly entertaining Michael Jackson advertisement.
I hope he is not the latter.
I was a kid .
crazy about Michael Jackson.
He was and is the greatest of all times.
Few days ago a friend gave me a present .
You can truly see the parody that Michael went through his life.
All the best to You where ever You are out there .
The only thing I could have done without was the spiders.
There is lots of singing.
There is lots of singing while dancing.
But there is much more to this movie.
I have loved this movie ever since it first came out.
I love all of the videos in this movie.
Jackson transforms into a giant robot and kills all of Mr.
I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made.
In Micro Phonies the stooges are at there best.
In this short the trio are handymen working in a recording studio.
The voice is amazing.
Curly in drags is heard by Mrs.
The stooge are pelted out of the room.
This is without a doubt the funniest of the Curly stooges shorts.
I have seen it dozens of times and it always makes me laugh.
Even people who do not like the knuckleheads remember this one fondly.
This is an uproar of laughter for any Three Stooges fan to enjoy.
No doubt this is essential viewing for Stooge fans.
especially one that i would want to comment on.
i would like to disagree.
sometimes it takes a lifetime.
and sometimes it never comes at all.
Finally things calm down.
For SAPS AT SEA has its slow spots.
I can not believe people are looking for a plot in this film.
This is Laural and Hardy.
These two were a riot.
Their comic genius is as funny today as it was 70 years ago.
The connection here is the year 1940.
I will mention the significance of the latter later on.
The latter performer especially has a genuine comic moment.
His name was A.
But it is their serious approach and determination that makes them funny.
What the world may have missed in their not considering this as an option.
It has just enough time to it to hit the right notes.
Stan and Ollie work in a factory that manufactures horns.
Unfortunately the goat gnaws the rope until it breaks and the ship sails off.
This is not going to be a peaceful vacation.
Their reactions are brilliant.
In a little town in Montana two brothers grow up.
Some things do happen though.
Norman goes to Dartmouth to study.
The most beautiful thing in this movie is the cinematography.
Fortunately there is more.
They had a bit of an edge that all the later films lack.
Stan and Ollie work at a horn factory.
Maybe it inspired Treasure Planet.
The shows are all basically identical.
The bright spots are the heroine characters.
They actually saved men.
It was by far and above my all time favorite cartoon ever.
It also made me truly care about the characters and what happened to them.
Heck the character Goose actually scared me sometimes.
He was just that odd at the time.
And I gave it a high 7.
As others have said here it was ahead of its time.
Sadly this is why the show was doomed.
I am hoping that more come out.
How does this compare watching it now 20 years after it first came out.
The writing was almost top notch and way ahead of the competition.
2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.
Very nostalgic piece with a bittersweet finale.
And that river haunts me.
And that is why I love it.
But I do not think anyone really cared.
But I loved it.
A new crop of talent needed to be pushed.
As such there was much anticipation for this match.
The heroes all came out to congratulate him on his win.
To truly experience it you should get the DC version.
The DC version is simply incredible.
And exclusive to the game.
And last but not least.
The 4th boss is Venom again.
But Carnage is actually kind of fun to fight.
I gave it an 8 out of 10.
This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics.
He does more than spin webs.
Octopus to name a few.
Look for Captain America in a cameo.
The acting is stunningly wonderful.
The characters are very clearly drawn.
Brad Pitt is simply superb as the errant son who rebels.
The other actors and actresses are equally fine in every respect.
The scenery is incredibly beautiful of the mountains and streams of western Montana.
The flaw is that Martha is badly underdeveloped and does not act consistently.
Their development is shown very precisely before and especially after the war.
The three main characters are amazing.
I did not like the pretentious and overrated Apocalypse Now.
Probably my favorite Vietnam War film is The Deer Hunter.
This movie is essentially Deer Hunter 2.
The script is too loose compared to the Deer Hunter.
This is why I can only give this movie 7 out of 10.
I also like the supporting cast.
Everyone in the town is part of the movie.
The town obviously can not handle Vietnam vets very well.
It is interesting how wars effect people.
Never saw it again until it showed up on cable again recently.
Still find it a great Vietnam movie.
Not sure why its not higher rated.
I found everything about this film compelling.
I wish this would be offered on cable more often for people to see.
Its brought home for the rest of there lives.
Dave certainly encourages this idea.
The screenplay is very compelling and full of beautiful characters.
Ed Harris is giving one of the greatest performances up to date.
After the war none is a hero.
I loved this movie.
I had no idea I would be so affected by it.
What an amazing look at how alien Vets feel.
They feel totally apart.
I have no other criticisms.
i actually really liked this movie.
it is not an epic like The Deer Hunter.
it is the acting in this one that makes it so great.
A place where you seldom worry about crime.
There is a lot of deep thinking in this film.
The scenery is worth seeing alone and actually helps relieve tension.
You should finish this film relaxed yet full of insights to your own life.
Granted it was entertaining but shallow.
I cherish each and every frame of this beautiful movie.
Just like all of us.
This movie is about the complexities of the characters involved.
This guy is an awful actor.
This is probably his best performance to date.
Pretty sure they are all making their debuts.
do not rate movies u do not understand.
The muse is really good i really recommend this movie to everyone.
Sam attains fortune and almost forgets his friend but not completely .
But Mac thinks so and so he starts dating with air hostesses .
Its nice but not all that excellent .
So if you wanna watch the movie you are welcome to do so .
The three newcomer actresses are average.
One of the more sensible comedies to hit the Hindi film screens.
He has combined well with the new hunk John Abraham.
The new gals are cute and do complete justice to their roles.
A must watch comedy.
You can not just start casting your fishing line and hope for the best.
This movie was a fantastic comedy.
The roles each character played were done with excellence.
The movie spoke to me.
It enlightened me to a different perception of a person who believes in mankind.
Who believes in peace and gentle behavior.
I like this movie for the conversations and face expressions to it all.
May this movie be blessed.
This movie pretty much surprised me.
Overall it was very entertaining.
A touch of drama adds 2000 realism.
Mary goes back to work.
Rose tries her luck at being a comedian.
Rhoda struggles with a photography career.
I was surprised about how good the writing was.
The little jokes thrown in by Mary and Rhoda were funny.
The script itself was very well put together.
But I had no idea that they worked this well as a team.
everybody else also works well together.
THE ITALIAN is an astonishingly accomplished film for its time.
But times are hard and the family struggles to survive.
Wonderful use of lighting in this film.
The love and support of the family members is evident throughout.
Its a worthwhile movie of a story that should be told.
I felt empathy for the characters and cheered at the end.
A really great movie and true story.
Dan Jansen the Greatest skater ever.
A touching and beautiful movie the whole family can enjoy.
This picture is well worth the time.
I wish they would make more films of this quality.
Thank you for a great film with excellent actors and an excellent story.
It was so funny and I loved it.
It represents the time period way of thinking though.
She is funny and charming.
Anyway Penny Princess is a delightful blend of British farce and romantic comedy.
But at least I found a reason to be grateful for insomnia.
along the lines of Marx Brothers film.
But A River Runs Through It is the story about all generations.
The parents fit snugly into their roles.
Mom takes care of house and home.
Dad does the work of the Lord.
The boys ponder what they will be when they grow up.
Norm has it narrowed down to a boxer or a minister like his dad.
They are at similar points in their lives before college.
Paul is at the top of his game.
Pretty radical for a stoic clergyman.
Pauly just waves it all off with a grin and his irresistible charm.
But the junior brother is losing his grip.
The family that loves him watches helplessly.
The movie is beautiful to watch.
And will admit that I shed quite a few tears throughout.
Yet this is the case in this Hindi film.
I liked this movie sort of reminded me of my marriage.
It is very clean you can see it with family.
Songs are OK too.
I think the writer director is great.
Some of the dialogs are quite good.
The movie depicts complex human emotion very nicely not with over dramatization.
Also shows perfect is after all not so perfect.
Shows very nicely the dynamics of arranged marriage when it is new.
The movie is very well written and directed.
I was waiting to see this movie from a long time.
The story was well knitted and dialogs were more or less appropriate.
This is a really well made movie.
The rest of the cast and crew too are not mentioned at all.
No aesthetic sunsets in this one.
She is outcast from the society.
Desperate for help she accepts his suggestion.
She begs her beloved sister to return.
Krishna promises to stand by her.
There is nothing that is not required in this movie.
Everything is necessary and sufficient.
It is respectful to the subject it handles.
The acting is first rate.
The script is well researched.
This is one of the best movie I have ever seen.
Peoples are really poor and have financial and social problems.
The movie just reflects exactly the same.
Full credit to the director and the actor.
They have done an excellent job.
I do not understand the criteria on which the movies are selected.
Hope to see more movies like this in the future.
Goes way above even any international movie of any repute.
I am really surprised why this has not received the recognition it deserved.
The entire gamut of emotions is conveyed through subtle mannerisms and the eyes.
except when the bras and bullets started flying.
but the truth is it is funny as hell as it is deep.
I recommend this to anyone who likes cult classics.
Also try Fritz the cat and the NINE Lives of Fritz the Cat.
When I was old enough I rented all of these movies out.
And he does one of his better jobs here.
On the crime front it shows the truth.
See for yourself to see what goes down.
Done well and well done.
And it is actually pretty good.
Paramount dropped it like a hot potato that just burst into flame.
It aims it is sights higher and fries some much bigger fish.
Something big is happening here obviously.
But maybe a subject like this needs extremism.
Some subjects can not be tackled gently.
He always has something to say.
Usually at the same time.
Nor is it for the rest of the brothers who wear the shield.
It plays out like an opera or a ballet.
Proceed with extreme caution.
You have been warned.
I saw Cool World and thought it was mediocre and I saw this.
I would have preferred it in full animation but whatever.
They decide to make names for themselves in Harlem.
The film moves on as the Italian mafia want him out.
I was also fascinated hearing Grover Washington Jr.
That is ample warning to anyone who thinks all cartoons are meant for children.
True animation lovers will forgive its clunkiness and fall in love with its inventiveness.
Street Fight is a brilliant piece of brutal satire.
This is not a movie you just watch for fun.
This is a movie you watch when you need food for thought.
To dismiss this film as simply racist is to miss the point entirely.
Montana in the early twentieth century was an environment which was rough and tumble.
The two main characters are very likable.
I suspect the microphone was picking up video monitors on the set.
You will enjoy this.
There was one thing that I was disappointed over.
Sleepwalkers are creatures who drain the life force completely out of humans to survive.
But I find this film annoying.
It was written for the screen by Stephen King and it is maddeningly vague.
The sleepwalkers are never fully explained.
Excellent makeup and special effects too.
If only the script were better.
I can only give this a 7.
Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me.
I either really love them or I loathe them.
Sleepwalkers is one that I really do enjoy and watch it regularly.
The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary.
The story revolves around what will happen with the girl.
Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother.
This is not a good movie but I still like it.
but do not expect too much.
It really is so bad its good.
Stephen King was raised on flicks like this.
all it ever will be.
Stop trashing what has already deemed itself as trash.
Really good memories are connected with Camouflage.
Too bad because I would have welcomed her in the genre with open arms.
Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing.
Sure give us movies like Batman Begins.
I really hated this trailer because it left me wanting for more.
I was looking around to see when it was coming out.
It was like a terrible practical joke.
Unfortunately it is not going to happen for now.
You left me wanting more.
I have just seen it.
It would be wonderful if they made the entire movie.
This looks like it needs a complete product.
Hope more like this are made.
I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros.
exec gives the OK to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel.
Just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this.
The better part of a century old.
Perhaps what this has most going for it is how polished it is.
The lines are reasonably written.
The acting is perhaps the most evident.
Then there is the writing.
There is a problem in the characterization.
I recommend this to fans of the characters.
i will not go int to the storyline here.
everyone is well cast.
the two actors playing Superman and Batman are well suited to their characters.
The suit Kent wore masked his size.
Batman may have the body of a bodybuilder but not Superman.
Superman flies through the sky.
I do not think there were any full body shots of Superman flying.
All in all it was a good trailer.
This film is really cool.
every thing looks like it came out of the comic book.
Clark Bartram is again our favorite batman.
superman is great too.
the flying effects are OK.
the shot with superman catching the car was VERY believable.
This is a movie i would definitely see if it were real.
overall i give this film a 10 because its a great film.
I Guess that fact alone just floors me.
I do not know guys.
I think Bale and Bartram would be Neck and Neck.
The Acting is pretty nice as well.
The trailer will hype you all up for nothing.
Sort of makes you wonder why this project was made in the first place.
I even found it a pretty laughable thing to watch.
But really the better and more spectacular moments really compensate for this.
The rest of the cast also served its purpose well enough.
This film is still great fun.
And Rhonda Fleming enjoys herself in the least showy of the main roles.
The music in wonderful and memorable.
Very good colorful movie.
Another movie I liked as well later on was High Society with Bing Crosby.
13 days to Glory tells the traditional tale with sympathy toward the Mexican viewpoint.
Failing to keep watch is a major remiss in the military.
Santa Anna was within his prerogatives to be angry.
Raul Julia magnificently carried poor writing through the scene.
This movie is a great.
This is a movie you can watch over and over again.
The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is gorgeous.
This is Crosby at the top of his game.
Even martial arts stereotypes.
the cultural significance of its location.
Rarely is it seen as a growing film town.
But that is all changing now.
More film companies are coming in to shoot.
The main vampire also looks perfect for the role.
The female victim looks vulnerable.
I'm looking forward to seeing future projects by Mr.
The title says it all.
Back in the day no one saw the ironic contradiction in that.
But his heroic death certainly redeemed him.
That man needed such a weapon.
Also loved hearing her sing.
She carries the bulk of the emotional vehicles in fine form.
In reality he probably would die of a broken neck.
Go and buy this one.
Trust me this scene is worth your 6 bucks.
this movie holds a special place in my heart.
It certainly was THE movie for all the heavy metal fans at the time.
You will never look at your stereo the same way again.
I gave this a 10 out of 10 points.
I love it so much.
Those are the reasons i like this movie so much.
You will not be the same person after.
Granted Freddy never molested a girl in a car before.
It was given to the radio station to be played live Halloween night.
It is definitely one great movie.
This movie is sort of a Carrie meets Heavy Metal.
it is such a classic.
You have got living legends of Metal in it.
And Marc Price was great in this film.
This is a must have for metal fans.
Santa Ana as no one since J.
His portrayal is earnest.
He is almost in awe of the older men who share command with him.
The one jarring note was Brian Keith as Crockett.
The script reveals some historical facts overlooked or suppressed in earlier film versions.
I love this movie and never get tired of watching.
The music in it is great.
Any true hard rock fan should see this movie and buy the soundtrack.
With rockers like Gene Simmons and Ozzy Osbourne you can not go wrong.
Definitely a movie for having a few friends over for a good laugh.
A must see for cheesy movie fans.
I can remember being freaked out by metal teens when I was a kid.
It is all about the extreme demonic power of metal.
The acting is pretty good.
I found the performances convincing.
The teen characters are horribly clichd.
So expect the usual array of jocks and nerds.
Every movie critic and metal head hated this movie but I enjoyed it.
But what really sucks is the music.
Porn seems to sell.
One of the scariest monsters I have seen in horror flicks.
I may have nightmares of him next night.
Not recommended for intellectual movie lovers.
They did bring in the issue of slavery.
Raul Julia was a wonderful stage actor.
Here we see the egotistical monster at his worst.
Santa Anna was President of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855.
The amazing thing about him was he managed to keep coming back.
His policies were disasters.
His massacre of Col.
I can be found at YAHOO.
I first saw this film as a teenager.
It was at a time when heavy metal ruled the world.
Trick Or Treat has every element for a movie that rocks.
Monsters start to come out of his speakers and his stereo becomes possessed.
God I love this movie.
They really do not get much better than this.
The plot outline is your standard Heavy Metal horror movie.
Kid plays record backwards.
Hero comes back in demonic form and rocks the town.
You will not be disappointed.
This film is the most cult movie on metal there is.
The the scene that introduces the Dead End Kids is really quite good.
The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals.
I was all mixed up.
Strange and funny fact i suppose.
and no I am not a child actress.
I graduated here in Texas but I lived in Maryland most my life.
I have seen it several times in my short 19 years.
As it continued I learned quickly through voice overs what was taking place.
Along with a nice twist at the end its a cool package overall.
I walk away from this very satisfied.
The Cure uses voice over to create an intense mood.
The use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story.
The ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result.
The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot.
The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do.
What really impress me are the camera work and music.
We see the output are not exactly what we imaged or below our ambitions.
So the energy pushes audience back from the emotion of the film.
I thought it was quite nice for the piece.
Where the film is unfortunately let down however is the sound.
And with any film that is all that matters.
The flow of the film works perfectly and editing was very well done.
There is no major tech.
stuff to point out.
Only minor one I have is that the end credits are a little bouncy.
This is probably due to a rendering issue.
sorry for bad grammar or spelling.
The Cure is an amazing film.
The first thing that struck out at me was the cinematography.
The shooting style of the love scene halfway into the film was amazing.
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie because there was a genuine sincerity in the acting.
The story centers around two girls who have just survived a school shooting.
I just hate it when amazing movies fall through the cracks.
Oh and some of the jump cuts in the movie were kind of jarring.
But all in all a excellent movie.
This one is an excellent addition to that genre.
The unknown lead actress has magnificent performance and is extremely gorgeous.
I hope to have a chance to see her again on the screen.
My vote is nine.
This film had my heart pounding.
This is a film you definitely DON'T want to pass up.
Now if only I can figure out why I watched a cartoon about menstruation.
I hope to show it to my daughter.
Even Pink Floyd increased their fan following after the film was released.
The lead pair were not great actors but they were cute and natural.
He knew what he was doing.
He was killed by a 150 lb.
I can not believe the reviewers who disliked it ever actually saw it.
It is an undiscovered classic.
They were beautiful but inexperienced.
It captures well a significant moment in time.
This movie is one of the masterpieces from Mr.
All criticisms seemed to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative.
Happily I'm no longer in such a minority.
In my point of view a film to remember.
I was surprised at the low rating this film got from viewers.
The print I saw runs 1 hour 50 minutes.
I suspect there is quite a bit of restored footage in this print.
What appears today seems rather tame by current standards.
There is no soundtrack music until almost 1 hour into the film.
Much of the student riot footage looks like stock footage to me.
I hope to get back to see the film a second time.
Basically the common mistake is that the film glorifies the hippie generation.
The two protagonists come from vastly different environments.
It just leaves you in awe.
It just defeats the purpose.
But his interest in this film was not narrowly political.
A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack.
What is astonishing to me is how this film is coming into its own.
Here she feels alien after the adventures with her just killed friend.
He wants to leave.
And it is done in a truly beautiful way.
This film has a powerful philosophical ending.
But that ending has meaning only if you watch the movie from the beginning.
And the desert badlands are beautiful.
I really can not see why.
He is virtually unsurpassed in this skill.
It seems to be an explosion that restores order rather than bringing chaos.
Perhaps that was the point.
reality is brought up.
And it does ask to not be discarded right away after one viewing.
It is safe to say that this movie is certainly on my favorites list.
I will actually agree with that in some ways.
Also the freedom that comes from that.
The setting is enormously beautiful.
It seems to me more like he just wanted out of the situation.
The film is also simply amazing visually.
I think it is the camera movements that are particularly amazing here.
They are certainly facile.
They can still be awful now.
They have always had too much power.
I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting.
which often times he neglects is there anyway.
I have to say that it was a lot of fun.
The movie does a great job of giving us people we can sympathize with.
I am decidedly not in the target audience for this film.
Both films suffer from technical gaffes that are overcome through amazing writing.
The themes and ideas of this film are strong and poignant.
I am decidedly not in the target audience for this film.
Both films suffer from technical gaffes that are overcome through amazing writing.
The themes and ideas of this film are strong and poignant.
at the end of the day .
the sun goes down.
and this film is Awful.
I mean well done to the people involved.
they have made a film.
Fantastic after party too.
I think they are just jealous.
Hopefully there will be a follow up so keep me posted Jon.
Not all scenes will reach the heights for an individual viewer.
And in some very magical way it brings you deep into Spanish culture.
This is a scandal.
My husband was an extra so I was involved from the start.
Only Phil Daniels could fit the role of Grouch.
This is one to watch a few times.
The title was a Great choice.
You will thank me.
I hope to see more of these characters in other films.
The second half of the movie had me grinning and laughing the entire time.
Give this film a go and you will not be disappointed.
I was pleasantly surprised by the film.
Hardly satisfying for her.
I would thoroughly recommend it.
This will become a cult British comedy.
Well worth a visit.
But it will add to it if you do.
This is a great British film.
You will laugh out loud at the antics and enjoy the great soundtrack.
Go on give it a go.
you will not be disappointed.
It certainly takes a number of viewings.
and It has a great soundtrack.
I really think this could well be a cult classic.
1 channel sound system.
I enjoy watching it again and again.
You will not hear swooshes as you go under bridges.
The parallel stories that are intertwined throughout this film will keep all viewers interested.
The photography is simply outstanding.
He moved to France in his early thirties and was influenced by French composers.
There is only one flamenco song in Iberia.
This is a great documentary film.
Any fan of car racing should own a copy of this outstanding film.
The subject is also so fascinating.
The main feature is the race scenes.
They work together so well that every father and son should see this.
You can tell that they are a close family.
I wish we could all have that experience.
To create a good versus evil battle like never before.
Striking a quick flash of energy that transports a human to another world.
I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.
It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.
It is quite possibly the best worst movie ever.
We spent the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.
It is a true gem.
The laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever.
you get the point.
The first time I caught this movie was during a very harsh winter.
The music in the background had some kind of magic.
Both of them did their job very good.
Thanks to all for reading my comment.
classic in my opinion.
His shows certainly brought a laughter to the American households of years back.
He would begin the show with an opening monologue.
He lost a son to leukemia at age 11 or so.
the man was pretty wide ranging and a scream.
Relax and be loose was clearly the name of the game there.
Check this out if you are a fan or curious.
He was a riot.
His scheming was wonderful as was his toying with the audience.
There were at times too little drama where more would have been expected.
There were a number of subtractions that hurt the integrity of this film.
I give it a marginal recommendation.
I do not know if I agree with him yet.
I bought this video version of the film.
not that there was a British vs.
American issue about it.
Something that has existed since the beginning of time.
Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello.
Unfortunately this sapped my grief for the character destruction.
An important theme in Othello is isolation caused by racism.
He never has been.
His stage productions were always typified by violence and strong language.
This is a wonderful film.
Every effort to film Shakespeare ought really to be celebrated.
It is not an easy thing to do.
The language somehow breaks the time barrier.
but perhaps it is the actors who really do that.
This movie made me happier than I have been for a while.
It is a very funny and clever movie.
I feel like just going ahead and watching it all over again.
Wow is all I can think to say about that.
I was pleased with the cast of reputable players.
Kick back and enjoy.
The critics are dumb.
This movie is funny and smart.
I loved this movie a lot.
Why does everyone hate this movie so much.
I wish people would love this movie more than they do not.
I do not see you people out there making movies like them.
So people should just watch it and not comment it.
I like this movie.
It is OK through it all.
But this is better than that.
I can not believe this was rated so low.
Take my advice and rent it.
Or like I said you have a good sense of humor.
Most people on the board seem to really hate this film.
If you do not like it.
But I did enjoy it.
Stiller and Black delivered expertly yet again.
They should work together more.
Especially a romantic fantasy.
Little did I know that I was in for a ride through cinematic magic.
Claire Danes shines like the star she is in this movie.
From beginning to end you fall more and more in love with this character.
Overall this was a movie that surprised and delighted me as a movie fan.
Cult classics are nearly impossible to predict.
The plot of the movie is ridiculous.
But that is exactly why the movie is so hilarious.
The plot is really simple.
Everything else is plain odd.
I was cracking up at the shear unwavering weirdness of the movie.
It will only make you mad.
I'm a bit conflicted over this.
The list goes on and on.
If you are looking for something that will scare you stay away.
the acting can at time be also a little crumby.
it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.
of course it would i was 5 years old.
much better than anything on TV today.
You obviously do not know good TV when you see it.
The episodes are packed with drama and blood.
Freddy is creative in the way he kills people.
This is one horror movie based TV show that gets it right.
Friday the 13th the series had no connection to the movies.
It may have been loosely connected to the movies.
Freddy is basically the narrator for the show.
He watches the actions of people in the real world sometimes getting involved somehow.
i heard it was canceled due to protesting parents.
along with a bullet.
Stardust creates its own mythology and its own world and it works.
Ryan was both the writer and the director.
She desperately needs a connection that Alicia just as desperately resists.
Deanna only makes progress when she retreats.
The viewer keeps expecting the group hug that never seems to happen.
Wood Harris deserves an award.
The film will leave you feeling happy and sad all at the same time.
I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well.
I saw the movie recently during the Boston Film festival.
It is an all around good film.
The story is something that really keeps you watching.
But the mirror is shattered at the same time.
All Kira Reed fans MUST see this.
They go into a corner room and they do it.
But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more.
This movie is different.
I believe it to be her best performance yet.
For a Korean movie.
I liked the fighting scenes.
But I got to admit.
the film was kind of childish.
I enjoyed this film very much.
The acting was also very good.
There was no such crap in this movie.
Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions.
Sex is not always required in a good romantic movie.
And i was right.
Stardust is more of a fairytale than an adventure film.
I have to give extra credits to Claire Danes.
She literally shines in this movie.
Her eyes have this sparkle that fit totally in her character.
The romantic elements also work because of that reason.
The pace slows down and.
Just one last comment.
There is a fair balance between the two.
I would watch it again.
But this one brought my faith back.
The biggest applause should go to the two leads.
The chemistry between the two is very good.
You either love it or you hate it.
Jack Frost is Really a Cool Movie.
It has Great Special Effects and Good Acting.
Most Films these Days lack the Criteria of A Clive Barker Master Piece.
Jack Frost is Very Cool.
10 out of 10.
Ed Also Recommends The Movie Uncle Sam to Fans of Jack Frost.
I mean he took the Carrot and he.
this film is absolutely hilarious.
The lines that are said are completely retarded but really funny.
I rent it and I take it home.
Inside the body of a snowman.
But I chalk that up to a small budget.
I give JACK FROST.
Jack Frost is about a serial killer who is sentenced to death.
Being a killer himself that would turn him into a killer snowman.
Jack now wants revenge on the sheriff who caught him.
Jack now starts his rampage all over again killing people in a small town.
This movie has two claims to fame.
The scene where Jack Frost attacks Shannon Elizabeth is worth watching a few times.
This movie has the worst snowman joke ever.
Note that I did not say that it is better.
The lack of social commentary and realism helps keep things moving.
The snow reminds you more of flocking or Styrofoam peanuts than actual snow.
This remarkable film can be summed up very easily.
This was a fun movie to watch and to give your brain some rest.
Parts of the plot and quotes I found to be very creative.
7 out of 10.
This is one of the funniest movies that I have seen this year.
The people that made it must be so incredibly whacked and twisted.
It is a beautiful thing.
Easily the greatest low budget horror film of all time.
a work of genius.
This was one of those movies.
too much some have said.
i have 27 copies on video and i love them all equally.
i also love anyone else who loves it.
i have learned the dance moves and practice it everyday.
i have some audio recordings of myself singing the song.
What a great gem this is.
The characters are wonderfully interesting to watch.
I think anyone at any age could find something to like about this movie.
Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life.
Other big names make outstanding roles.
I had the filling everyone is trying to give his best for this movie.
The plot is very original and entertaining.
The animated sequence is also very well done with the live actors.
They only want to go back home.
The oldest boy is very hard to get along with he is a brat.
The kids find out about her secret and that is when the fun begins.
Fun and more of it.
The special effects are quite good.
Add this to your Family Video Library.
You will not be disappointed.
Great family entertainment and we need more films like this today.
Their chemistry was just brilliant as well.
It does not matter he was such a gifted actor you hardly notice.
I loved the marching song of the home army.
The home guard were very important to Britain and this is a warm tribute.
A warm happy film and its a wonder its not done on stage.
The animation movements and layouts are really nice and deserve a thumbs up.
we will miss him a lot.
What is a little disconcerting is the way the scenes have been remastered.
She is held captive by a witch and leashed by an unbreakable chain.
Ben returns to Wall without incident and continues his life.
But it all comes together as the adventure unfolds.
She makes a perfect damsel.
I would have to say that the casting was brilliant.
Endings always surprise me and this was no exception.
Remaking this classic would be as stupid as remaking Mary Poppins.
He was a comic genius who is often forgotten nowadays.
Richard and Robert Sherman outdid themselves on the musical numbers.
And those kids have to deal with a world of magic.
The team of Robert B.
Sherman and Richard M.
Imagine what it would be like with computer generated graphics.
It is a fine mixture of live action and animation.
But only here does she play the female lead.
Both have similar settings in London.
Both have their own magic and a magical woman.
The majority of the songs are good.
I like the black cat.
WOW I remembered why I loved this movie.
I did not know this when I first started watching.
The movie made ever so much more since.
The music they cut out should have been left in.
A lot of people say that the music is forgettable.
the 10 that it really is.
For example in the market there were so many different flavors of lore.
I loved the exotic dancers that accompanied the steel drums.
The story line was wonderful.
This movie is my definite favorite of all times.
This place in England during 1940.
I first saw this when I was 9 and vaguely remember loving it.
It was too long and dragged the movie along.
All in all this is a great movie.
My 5 year old liked it.
This and Mary Poppins are added to my collection.
It was magical and it was lots of fun to watch.
Every scene held a certain charm as you got to know the characters better.
Recommended for those with an interest in India.
The movie perfectly catches a particular time and place with pinpoint accuracy.
We have much to learn from it.
The best movie I have seen in years.
It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story.
This is truly a worthwhile journey of a film to partake.
There are two parts that stay with me.
The 1986 TV movie of The Spirit was a pilot for a possible series.
We can only hope.
He also plays a cameo as the conductor.
Gertrude Michael however provides a bit of spark.
This is where this movie could have been a lot better.
Greetings again from the darkness.
who happens to be played by the stunning Claire Danes.
Lots of bad chasing the good.
Sadly the poor marketing campaign will probably prevent it from making any money.
My guess it will find big success on video.
There is only one good song.
Its a fun movie of the sort they do not make any more.
And try to spot Lucy in the chorus.
This rates a 7.
0 as a curiosity.
I still have enormous issues with the editing however.
Worth a look for any film buff interested in this sort of thing.
But do not for a moment think Mr.
Jessie Ralph is excellent as the seamstress.
A must stroll down Memory Lane.
Lots of plots twists among the musical numbers.
The fusion is highly entertaining.
It works in more ways than one might imagine.
Truly he is coming into his own.
This movie is wonderful.
This movie is really a double MUST SEE one.
I can only regard the current film on its own merits.
This film will be no exception to that rule.
The film does get a bit bogged down in the second half.
The last five minutes of the film were perfect.
Which was the point.
Available within them is information that could concede the safety of the United States.
Henry Fool surprised me.
He is convincing and delightful as Agent Fulbright.
This movie is a pleasure for so many reasons.
I am hoping they do a third.
like the end of the trilogy.
It seems to be missing.
It feels like it needs to be done.
I would buy it.
It is more drama and intrigue.
I will watch it often.
It rates an 8.
This is never suspected at the beginning.
Fay Grim is a true example of what I call a completed puzzle film.
Hal Hartley obviously loves to play with themes.
And he does so to the extreme here.
I realize this was probably what Mr.
But it was still painful to watch at times.
a little disappointed at the sex gimmicks though.
But she had the right amount of melodrama and snide comments throughout the movie.
One student survives and is in the hospital with extensive head injuries.
This film is about SEVERAL things.
this would be the first that could have changed mine.
Henry Fool is a better film.
Thus I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim.
But this is where the subtlety of Fay Grim lies.
But this is no ordinary toy.
It holds a secret that explains much of what happened in the first movie.
I must say that I'm quite impressed with what Hal Hartley has accomplished here.
And the end leaves open the possibility for another sequel.
A wonderfully quirky film with enough twists for a sack of pretzels.
The supporting cast is stellar.
The supporting actors commit to it as well.
I wont even try to tell you the plot.
It becomes more and more ridiculous as you plod along.
This film can definitely stand all on its own.
I have to go the second screening .
I viewed this film most aptly on Sept 11th.
Prod in both these films .
What can be in store for the future of Fay and the Fool family .
Nothing special about any of the characters or the story.
She never knows who to believe or trust.
The writing and direction were both dead on and the acting was superb.
and that is about all I will give away.
I will not spoil it for you.
He has never been better.
Although that may be redundant.
The odds were long.
Brian Wright Copyright 2007.
The dancing of Fred and Ginger is what makes this movie.
Quintessential Astaire and Rogers.
But I could watch the songs over and over.
Good but far from great.
Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers.
This commences the second romantic storyline between Bilge and Connie.
Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers never made anything but great films together.
Excellent art direction and score.
What an entertaining movie.
Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Navy.
Everything works out fine.
Henry Kissinger had groupies.
The last step as they exit is startling.
I like the film for reasons with personal resonance.
I'm certain no breach of discipline was intended.
It was a good idea.
And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
Throughly enjoy all the musical numbers each time I see this movie.
Never seem to tire of it.
Fred and Ginger are always a pleasure to watch.
Astaire and Scott are two Navy men.
It is truly to be treasured and watched again and again.
This really is a great movie.
He has a winning personality and a great smile.
Randy is in my top ten all time favorites list.
he was very likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions.
Especially such a shallow and inconstant man.
Romance blooms for both couples.
Astaire and Rogers at the height of their popularity.
In 1936 Americans thought of the Navy as a place for song and dance.
WWII was still a few years away.
Fred and Ginger dance up the town.
Fred insisted on keeping the take as the dancing was superb nonetheless.
The man was effortless in motion.
This is partly due to the secondary romance between Randolph Scott and Harriet Hilliard.
Scott is rarely ever interesting.
The dancing contest vies for the top spot of any of their numbers.
The dance is just fantastic.
Its imperfections make it all the more perfect.
So the film is well worth watching for its great moments.
It proceeds along smoothly enough but it does drag in places too.
It also has Harriet Hilliard who is rather good in her role.
Here she is touching without being sentimental.
Her two songs are simply and effectively delivered.
More tightening up have made the film even better.
1936 was the most prolific year for Astaire and Rogers.
Grain is still present.
So are age related artifacts.
The audio is Mono but very nicely balanced.
The main basic purpose of the movie is timeless.
Great music by Irving Berlin.
Rogers wears one of the great dresses in movie history.
Luckily he does not attempt to sing or dance.
But now the two are on shore leave.
Again Irving Berlin wrote a hit filled score with him tightly supervising the production.
Their dancing on this one is absolute magic.
Neither Ozzie or Harriet sang on television.
This still has the courtship corniness but not as pronounced as the other films.
No surprise than Ozzie fell for this beauty.
The plot intellect is about as light as feather down.
Delightful numbers from Irving Berlin are sprinkled throughout the show.
Fred and Ginger are out again to charm the world.
and charm the navy.
Everyone and everything is once again just so enjoyable.
Pure classic silliness at its best.
A must for lovers of world cinema.
It follows what they are doing and maybe more what they are not doing.
The tempo is very quiet.
so you have to relax.
breathe out before you see it.
but nothing is happening and you get a little angry over that.
a lot of people will say its disgusting.
but its not that bad.
i think its more used for the marketing.
and theres some really funny moments.
a 60 old woman stripping.
its movie which is real.
i think thats the word.
right up in your face.
and that makes it a bit scary.
no computer manipulation here.
so its much worse in the real world.
maybe they are like the persons in the movie.
i bet theres a lot of them out there.
crazy people living with a nice facade.
All the things that are present in the big advanced cities of today.
I only wish it was a lie.
if this were all the film offered it would be a great deal.
yes his dog gets killed.
a movie about the cruelty of this world.
It also contains some quite funny bits.
And you SEE the people.
You start to hate them without exactly knowing why.
Maybe you will end up like them.
It has beautiful people.
but some are also ugly.
There are a lot of hard working persons trying their best.
A very pessimistic movie.
the cinematography is good too.
I sure do know such people.
Being an Austrian myself this has been a straight knock in my face.
After having seen it you feel almost nothing.
An abusive man mistreats his woman but she forgives him time and again.
The despair in the film is palpable.
Every shred of hope is countered with a sense of despair.
It truly is a gem.
So real is the visceral feeling of the viewer.
A special parochialism and arrogance typical for Vienna are also very well portrayed.
One important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
This film is great.
And that every live has its dark and often depressing sides.
I just saw this film at the 2001 Toronto international film festival.
The audience reaction was mixed.
Others seemed to genuinely appreciate how good this film was.
This film shows humanity at its most desperate and pathetic.
The banality of our existence is shoved in our face with utmost glee.
This film show peoples in the middle of the hottest 2 days in Austria.
It shows people humiliating other peoples and being cruel to other peoples.
It show the inability of people to communicate or talk with others.
Because the film is not and easy one to watch.
You can not speak of terms of enjoyment from this film.
You should make your own mind based on what I have said earlier.
This documentary by Marian Cooper is absolutely amazing.
I saw it tonight on Turner Classic Movie channel.
Then up and over a snowy mountain pass all Barefoot.
It is sink or swim and climb or die.
In search of grass for their animals.
The children in the documentary all look happy and healthy.
They had such a hard life.
I wonder if the nomadic tribes of Iran still live like this.
Makes you appreciate modern life in USA.
It took them a week just to cross a river.
Fantastic documentary of 1924.
Watch this and tell me if Cecil B.
Sex is the one thing that he loves because he wants a child.
Some of the scenes are hilarious like with the birth of an alien creature.
This is a swell thing to watch on like a rainy day or something.
I actually enjoyed this quite a bit.
The flying guillotines look wicked and the main villain has no problems using them.
This is one for the more intelligent action fans.
The power to dream is a wonderful thing.
Gain wisdom and benefit mankind.
Freud might express such things in symbols.
The language of fantasy.
Tristan ventures out of a rather twee English village called Wall.
He goes through a break in the wall.
So he pledges to bring back a falling star.
Till he achieves the maturity to discern pedestal divas from real women.
That is not to say that Stardust is without its faults.
Learning to make them real.
See it on the biggest cinema screen you can find.
And Dolby Digital Surround Sound if you can get it.
The actors look like they had a ball.
Maybe you will too.
The movie was a big Car Commercial.
So I guess it was a good movie.
I liked this movie.
It was pretty cool.
Gone in Sixty Seconds comes 13 years after and adds nothing to it.
The Sphinx has a magnetic screen presence that should have been better used.
i went to see this movie with a bunch of friends one night.
Nicolas Cage and the rest of the cast were very good.
The movie is in no way predictable.
There is much more to it.
Everyone should take a look at this movie.
Good action and interesting plot.
I saw this on a flight over to the U.
It has a plot and a lot of action.
The car scenes are great except for the totally fake car jump scene.
All of the other scenes are great.
I really enjoyed it and I hope everyone else does as well.
Eight out of Ten Stars.
The others are not bad either.
There are only two slight flaws to this film.
Only joking he plays the role very well.
And a supreme glory.
We should all be so fortunate.
This movie stays to it is wonderful action and great story.
Overall that is what makes this an excellent fun film to watch.
Although after watching other movies I know better.
That is generally the problem with some movies.
You will end up enjoying the ride.
There are HUNDREDS of films that fit the bill.
but in my opinion Gone In Sixty Seconds is one of the better ones.
Whatever was great about the original has been streamlined.
Whatever was streamlined was also amped up thanks to a bigger budget.
I personally find this kind of thing exhausting.
But car movies rarely come better than this.
So if you hate cars.
So some downsides here but still a pretty good and entertaining movie.
One thing that is true though about Mr.
Not that that mark is bad.
This one was a good choice of Mr.
7 out of 10.
gone in 60 sec.
meaning if they where going for action was it action pact.
I personally thought this was a great film.
This movie has taken a lot of stick.
This movie is a lot of fun.
The actors really make the movie go the distance though.
People of all ages will enjoy it.
Great for some escapism.
Using Buster Keaton in the twilight of his career was an interesting choice.
He may have been the most talented comedian of the silent age.
I have heard his voice before.
That was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell.
This one fact is at the bottom of so many of gags.
It is a Cardinal Rule for his film making.
Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as Mr.
Suddenly he is in modern America.
The beginning was a seven minute silent film.
Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him into the future.
He has found contentment.
But he occasionally popped up in television plays and episodes.
The episode does show Keaton in fine fettle for a man in his sixties.
So Buster sends him back with the crazy helmet.
Overall if you are looking to watch a love story this one will suffice.
Samantha likes him from the start and welcomes him as her new cohabitant.
Well all is not well.
But it did have what most of those lack.
I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film.
This short caper exacts nothing more than what it gives to the audience.
The critical reaction is kind of blah.
And it succeeds wonderfully.
I absolutely loved this movie.
I bought it as soon as I could find a copy of it.
I recommend this movie to everybody and anybody.
Especially those who have been affected by any school shooting.
It truly is one of the greatest movies of all time.
I loved this film.
They really grow on you in the film.
This is without a doubt the funniest comedy of the year.
The acting is superb.
You can see that the actors enjoyed making this film.
Not much can be said about this film without spoiling it.
William H Macy and Sam Rockwell lead an amazing cast.
But that does not diminish its genius.
One of the best comedies I have ever seen.
But then I'm of the opinion that if William H.
Macy is in it you can not be disappointed.
The actual heist made me laugh so hard I was crying.
Perhaps the funniest use of underpants in movie history.
if you ignore the screwup factor.
The casting is perfect and the acting standards very high.
Sufficiently so that it stands out from what has gone before.
Very well done guys.
I was not expecting much from this movie.
I was given a ticket for an advanced screening.
I had just gotten off of work.
It was hot and I was tired.
The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing.
The entire cast performs their best comedic acting.
No slow or dry segments.
I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie.
My city lacks of good places where to buy some good films.
The movie relies too much on its simple story and predictable way of storytelling.
You can not help but laughing when everything goes wrong with these guys.
There are some great actors playing these characters.
Isaiah Washington is Leon.
Gabrielle Union plays his love interest Michelle.
This is a highly entertaining flick.
I certainly recommend it.
But real star is actually Guzman.
The funny parts are funny.
The edgy parts are edgy.
you will have a good time.
The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing.
The entire cast performs their best comedic acting.
No slow or dry segments.
I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie.
But this movie caught me off guard.
The script was amazingly written.
Everyone gave their part of brilliance from this movie cast.
This is more then that.
Because of one difference.
This fact goes beyond comedy into the soul of that criminals.
I do not like all movies were audience eventually likes and cheers for thieves.
You have to love them all.
Riley with his little baby and wife in jail.
Toto with his pants.
This movie was recommended to me by a friend.
just a little bit.
Anything with William H.
This is probably his best performance since Fargo.
The heist scene at the end was absolutely hilarious.
The direction was also spot on by the Russo brothers.
There are a couple examples of this with the Master and Margarita.
Why can not we find such talent here in the U.
The cult movie for every true Russian intellectual.
OK here is how I do this.
I grade movies on 10 components.
Each component will inherently start with 5 points.
It can then lose or gain 5 points for a possible 10 or 0.
It had a perfect balance of all five aspects.
The Action was fun and exiting.
I thought all the good fairy tales had already been told.
I love that they used C.
The epic scenes were believable.
The magical powers were frighteningly realistic.
Even the newbie actors played their rolls to perfection.
I can honestly remember only one small piece of music from the entire movie.
I am not complaining beyond the fact that the music could be more memorable.
But that is a minor quibble.
Will see how that works out.
The acting by all of these actors is very good.
The special effects and thrills is really good and some of it is surprising.
The movie is filmed very good.
The music is good.
This is a very good and thrilling film.
This movie is good for TV.
Thats all i can think of.
I just got this video used and I was watching it last night.
The scenes of devastation were also extremely well done too.
This movie has some things that are pretty amazing.
The problem was that by then you would be able to hear it.
I enjoy it more than Twister.
But this story is based on actual events.
So this movie was released 16 years after the actual events.
Try think how far storm research has advanced in that time.
where these storms are more frequent.
crew during a relatively weak twister in Kansas.
This happened during a May 1999 outbreak in Oklahoma.
I think that the movie should have been set in the spring.
But it was still a compelling story.
Oh how sweetly wrong I was.
But it was not Lord of Rings.
It was much more intimate than all that.
I have always been of mixed opinion with her.
Cinematography could have been better but not everyone films in New Zealand.
All else is top bracket.
And now that that is done.
First an explanation on what makes a great movie for me.
I loved his selection of instruments and the compositions.
And now to the actors.
On with the review.
As timeless as they come.
This is THE MOVIE.
Go and see it.
The director Ron Howard.
He is probably the best Grinch possible.
I'm sure she has some great future.
The dog is cool.
Reading some other reviews here.
It hurts me every time to see people out there who.
got their hearts two sizes too small.
Let me set the scene.
It is the school holidays and there is absolutely nothing at the movies.
I am with my friend deciding what to see.
We buy tickets not knowing what to expect.
What we got was a roller coaster of fun.
It really brought this childhood movie to life.
I keep on getting this movie stuck in my head.
I expected more from Ron Howard.
I know I was.
If only everyone could have such an attitude.
The movie has nice moments and works well as a movie for kids.
In every scene that he is in hands down he steals the show.
The cinematography is dead on and keeps with the feel of the film.
nothing about the film seems forced.
Though it did have a little Nightmare before Christmas touch to it.
You know kind of dark and spooky.
I loved this film because it helped fill people with the Christmas spirit.
So mostly the Grinch saved Christmas.
This is now one of my favorite movies.
what can i say.
oh yeah those freaking fingers are so weird.
they scare the heck out of me.
He truly carries the movie with his good and fun role.
I thought How The Grinch Stole Christmas was a pretty good movie.
His rhymes are fun to hear.
I have seen in three times and it got better each time.
But I can not believe that is Mr.
And there is a new face in the movie.
The movie was directed by Ron Howard.
If you went to this movie to see some huge academy award presentation.
Jim Carey was incredible as usual.
Ron Howard never misses a beat.
Try not to lose sight of that .
if you do you really wont enjoy the movie.
its not easy as it looks .
I have been eagerly anticipating the opening of this film for several months.
I was not disappointed.
This movie was pure magic.
The villains not only consisted of Dr.
Interesting show and it was kind of nice seeing a conclusion.
It is not often you find that.
Not so with this one.
This keeps you interested.
I found myself enjoying this one.
The casting was also good.
His personality fits nicely.
The gruff natured Commander Rourke was also well chosen with James Garner.
I really liked the casting of Claudia Christian as Helga Sinclair.
Her ability to play a no nonsense personality makes the film more interesting.
it does have 1 thing .
it does have 1 thing .
It is strictly action adventure.
Relative newcomer Charlie Cox is an incredible leading man.
Claire Danes is fantastic as always.
There are also a lot of wonderful moments from minor characters.
even down to facial expressions.
I was about pushed to the limits with Tarzan.
Thankfully they gave the music thing a rest.
One disappointment was the animation.
As for Mylo and Jean wearing similar style glasses.
I do have my doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview.
Atlantis was much better than I had anticipated.
It was a great film for all ages.
I noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure.
I think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies.
A lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies.
After a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching Atlantis.
Atlantis was much better than I had anticipated.
Although this film did demand a solid attention span at times.
It was a great film for all ages.
I noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure.
I think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies.
A lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies.
After a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching Atlantis.
9 out of 10.
And I was convinced of that in the first 15 minutes.
Everyone should check it out.
The quality of those films is given way to the profitability.
Milo is employed by a museum in Washington D.
The crew that is to accompany him is the same as his grandfathers.
The viewer finds themselves caught up in if they will reach Atlantis.
It is enough to keep the interest of the older audience.
The animators have done a wonderful job in then depth of the animation.
The movie is very successful in blending traditional animation with Computer Generated Images.
The characters are believably human.
A few lulls are filled with jokes that the children just may not get.
The creativity of the writers really shines through.
The disappearance of Atlantis from the world is explained.
Although set in 1914 the level of technology used is unrealistic.
This is not a bad thing.
I for one am grateful.
I never thought this movie would lead to my expectations.
The story takes place in 1914 and is about a guy named Milo.
Milo believes in the fabled Atlantis.
The voice cast is great.
They surely know how to carry movies with only their voice talent.
The music is nothing special but likable anyway.
The Deep Canvas sequences are pretty impressive.
The score of James Newton Howard is absolutely great.
But luckily there are not so much of them.
They should have ended up with a better adventure than this.
I thought that this film was very enjoyable.
I watched this film with my wife BEFORE I had my first child.
It rates a 9.
It was definitely better than expected for a Disney movie with no singing.
The background animation was magical.
It was a different level of work for the Disney people.
The music was largely instrumental but that was perfect for the movie.
This was definitely not a film that needed the characters to bust into song.
10 out of 10.
Such diversity has been very apparent in the last couple of years.
Both films feature a boat in some manner.
But what I found was not as clichd as I was expecting.
You may have grasped that this is a rather clichd film.
Every character emulates something that has been done a thousand times before.
Perhaps I missed the point of what the creators intended.
I thought this movie was very well put together.
I liked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals.
I would recommend this movie to anyone.
It was definitely worth the time and money to watch it.
Atlantis has some comic scenes that made me laugh.
Other scenes made me sad.
And others made me glad.
It is a movie any age can enjoy.
It is just like the book.
I do not think that is true.
Passing stones definitely one of the best comedy independent films ever.
You must have a sense of humor to fully enjoy this one.
This show deserves a chance to catch on and be seen.
Surprisingly well made little movie.
Short in length at about 90 minutes.
Plot is slow to unravel.
Caught this film at the Arizona International Film Festival.
Five minutes into it I was sold.
The plot is convoluted without being confusing and raunchy without being gratuitous.
This film is about how we all survive in a world gone mad.
That seems to be the heart of the film.
He takes the utmost ridiculous plot twists and keeps them real.
It is his script and his cast that help keep the whole thing afloat.
This is a unique film.
Not to be missed.
The budget is painfully low.
No point in describing the details.
You must look this great drama.
I gave it an 8 star rating.
Much credit goes to the exhilarating performances by both leads.
He creates a darkly funny portrait.
This is a good family show with a great cast of actors.
This movie is so misunderstood it is not even funny.
If you think of seeing this one for the shootings.
This one deals with the effects and trauma that the survivors must endure.
Even the detectives are seeking the answer we all do.
Highly recommended for teens and adults.
This film is a great example of fine storytelling.
The acting is superb.
The story is inspiring without being overly manipulative or fake.
Men of Honor has many great aspects to it.
who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy.
of the diving school tampering with his final test.
I thought this move was very good.
Being a military pilot I could relate to many of these parts.
The performances are what make this film special.
I had that very feeling throughout this movie.
I do not believe the U.
Navy was ever that overtly racist.
Certainly not at the risk of his life.
I was more than surprised by it.
A Classic Hollywood Biopic is the best sense of the genre.
The score is also terrific.
The acting performances are all excellent.
me and my sister saw the premiere last night.
it was so good we were glued for the whole thing.
they have some really good actors in this thing.
there will probably be some big twist tho.
i cant wait till Tuesday.
cant wait for the next episode.
Mere glances of these characters during the movie fills you with enthusiasm.
Please watch this movie.
This is one of the best military films ever made.
And it is great because of its focus on values.
The title indicates the source of their bond.
I am selective about what films I purchase.
This is one of those rare ones that I want on my shelf.
leads by example in the conduct of the life he has chosen.
Navy divers in World War II.
Not that the opinion of critics is all THAT important to me.
See this movie and get inspired.
I loved Cuba in this film.
The only fault I could see would have to lie in the supporting cast.
Which I do believe was the reason this powerful story was told.
I really admire your strength.
I never once wondered if it was worth tuning into.
I loved this movie.
It is a definite inspirational movie.
It fills you with pride.
This movie is worth the rental or worth buying.
It should be in everyones home.
Best movie I have seen in a long time.
I love a lot of the quotes.
I use them all the time.
They help keep me on task of what I want to do.
I love this movie.
I watch it whenever I can.
This film is an excellent military movie.
They move out of the barracks when he arrives.
The rest of his screen time shows him pacing around and ranting.
This is probably the best I have seen him.
It is a pleasure watching him work.
But still AB is fine .
She dances like wind .
As a kid I remember being nine or ten and loving this movie.
The songs are both funny and catchy.
proving laughs when you least expect it.
This movie is very funny.
They are up to their usual thing.
With a timely appearance by Mrs.
If you r in mood for fun.
and want to just relax and enjoy.
awesome timing for and good dialog delivery.
its inspired from Bad boys.
people think it might be confusing and stupid.
should not raise any questions.
then flying through the air almost immediately.
This film did that.
All in all it remains a pleasant trifle showcasing a beautiful and charismatic actress.
Modern sensibilities demand great drama.
This is a subtle movie.
Neither the story nor the characters are simple in this movie.
The world it is set in would be alien and not understood today.
This movie helps set the record straight.
Kay Pollack shows us that the Swedish are outstanding movie creators.
as above so below.
that very special point where Divine and Human meet.
I have no idea whether this was conscious or unconscious mimicry.
This film falls into the first category.
The plot sounds sugary and sentimental and slow.
Probably the strongest Swedish movie I have ever seen.
This is a parable revisiting the life and death of Christ.
It is a superb Swedish film .
it was the first Swedish film I have seen .
Yesterday I watched this movie for the third time.
It was recommended to me by a fried several weeks ago.
The storyline here is a familiar one.
I was rapt for the whole two hours.
My blessings with gratitude to you all.
He has bought the old school building where he plans to stay.
The building needs a lot of work.
Daniel begins to explore his new universe.
Lena will ultimately fall in love with Daniel.
The story involves the viewer from the start.
Stefan Nilsson is the composer for most of the beautiful music one hears.
Watch it with your ears.
This is absolutely one of the best movies I have ever seen.
It left a bad taste as it was just too much.
My eyes became wet in these two scenes.
My vote is nine.
She has a most vivid face that leaves no one untouched.
This is a movie that will not leave you untouched.
I would highly recommend this film and rate it a 9.
0 on a scale of 10.
We Americans are suckers for a comeback kid.
I understand this movie was a huge draw in Sweden.
As a very provincial American I can only speculate on the reason.
The message of this movie for me is the same as the movie Titanic.
It can be taken away at any time.
Feeling alive is worth taking the risk.
Give and you will receive.
So start living NOW.
Writing a check is not enough.
We are a social species by the way.
My expectations were quite high for this film.
I was anything but disappointed by this movie.
It felt like real life.
You could feel what Gabriella was feeling in that scene.
You rarely find a movie which feels so realistic.
Having seen this film I might have to agree.
Its success as a crowd pleaser comes from two facts.
I would love to find a way to show it to others.
Saw it at Seattle International Film Festival.
Hollywood could learn so much from this beautiful film.
Maybe a little too nice.
You have to do things with passion.
But some people will not appreciate your passion and will try to stop you.
Hopefully it will find distribution in the United States.
has time or sympathy nor the other side.
He acted really well here and his dialog delivery was also impressive.
This is a pretty OK film.
what can I say.
This is a really great short from Hal Roach.
An OUR GANG Comedy Short.
One of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade.
I believe she comes from the world of television soaps.
She is simply incredible.
Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary.
I'm a modern guy who previously turned over from TV dramas.
A number of posters have commented on the unsatisfactory conclusion.
The viewer inevitably feels a little cheated.
But in a sense this is unimportant.
And as such it was gripping.
This is a fantastic series first and foremost.
It is very well done and very interesting.
One of the best parts is the narrating by Sir Laurence Oliver.
This was by far the best war documentary ever made.
Each and every aspect of this tragedy was covered in detail.
The film footage is unbelievable and the interviews are fantastic.
The pictures over the opening credits have never left me.
It has affected my view of the world and the peoples in it.
I can not imagine ever getting bored looking at it.
Jeremy Isaacs and Thames TV should be well proud.
Seeing these few episodes from the library makes me want to buy the set.
The world at war is one of the best documentaries about world war 2.
One of the strongest and best documentaries ever made.
All of you must watch this.
This is what we can do to each other.
It does not glorify world.
But this documentary of WWII is heaven.
This documentary series defines the genre.
while the battle of Stalingrad had one episode to itself.
I decided to watch this because of the recommendations from this site.
I would have to say it was worth the effort.
He lives with an older woman called Marie.
Marie owns a retail shop and she provides for Alex.
Alex spends his days at cafs and restaurants.
She was a whore and then she became the mother.
Not a bad effort.
There is one episode that is dedicated to the Holocaust.
Remember is a fitting episode to end this great program.
Every episode begins with a short introduction and then with opening credits.
The credits are accompanied by a powerful music theme.
There are many fitting music pieces throughout the series.
The information included also makes the episodes memorable and entertaining.
Some consider it the finest example of the documentary form.
The program has everything that the viewer needs to know about the war.
I have seen some of them several times.
World At War is perhaps the greatest documentary series of all time.
The historical research is virtually flawless.
I highly recommend it as a learning experience.
World at War is the best WWII documentary that I have seen.
It does not exaggerate or diminish roles of different nations.
It has great music and narrator.
We would talk about nothing else at school the next day.
I imagine the ratings for the first showing were huge.
Perhaps they are showing their bias against documentaries.
This is quite simply documentary making of the very highest standard.
I must have seen this a dozen times over the years.
It expands their critical thinking.
You will be so glad you did.
This should be required viewing for all young people.
If you are interested in this era do not miss this series.
It is required viewing.
You just have to love this masterpiece.
I will never forget it.
This is Paul F.
She is one of the survivors of the hospital.
Then the movie starts.
I can not even describe how wonderfully written I think the movie is.
These things could happen to anyone.
And the things they say are totally understandable.
Look the contrast between them.
Alicia is lonely too.
It eliminates some of the strength the movie has.
A damn fine movie.
She has even come out with good performances in awful movies.
The same I say about Paul F.
I'm hoping the best for all of them.
Certainly any others I have seen pale in comparison.
No one country is given undue credit for the Allied victory.
Laurence Olivier brings great weight and dignity to his role as narrator.
Good for school use as well.
Seriously you will not find a better WWII documentary set on the subject.
Recommend to anyone with even a passing interest.
You get a real upfront taste of what war is all about.
This new release includes bonus material and is in full screen mode.
Now my wish has finally come true.
Buy a copy for your library.
What an eye opener.
My wife and I have watched this whole series at least three times.
I can not imagine how it could be better.
We treasure our copy.
The most compelling documentary series ever made concerning war.
the list is far too long to relate.
The highest possible rating seems unworthy of being applied to this presentation.
I think the value of this series is beyond counting.
I actually really like what I have seen of this cartoon so far.
Well done Warner Bros.
To my surprise I found it enjoyable.
I liked listening to him even before I knew he was Jeff Bennett.
I thought the children in the show did a very good job.
I especially enjoyed the performance of the Emma character.
I enjoyed the scenes with the tooth fairy and the burning of her.
Another good point of the movie is that it kept moving along.
The adult leads were also believable and therefore helped to keep the show entertaining.
All in all an enjoyable night of movie watching.
I thought it was similar to darkness falls which i also liked.
It ruined the movie a bit for me because it was unnecessary.
It was a simple story with believable acting.
i just watched this movie earlier today for the 14th time in 3 days.
i need a life.
i found the movie containing a striking resemblance to broke back mountain.
I t is not a mindless movie like .
duh they do not get it or understand it or what happened.
Yet there are a few colorful comic relief.
the battle was about to rage but not for long.
true to form the British marched straight into withering American fire.
the battle scene in this movies lasts slightly longer than the actual battle itself.
I get into the conversations too.
Even if they are utterly b.
The brunette chick is actually the most masculine person there.
They are too selfish to be anything to each other than stepping stones.
I like the film though.
A very good film indeed.
Charlton Heston as Andrew Jackson was a stroke of genius.
It does not move at the pace of the 1938 version.
The perfect touch of comedy.
Brynner once again rises over mediocre writing to give a fascinating performance.
Nellie Manley did the elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore the difficult makeup.
I would give it a 7.
5 out of 10.
The documentary begins with setting the perspective to several light years.
The footage of J.
has never been published before.
The Death of J.
His political interests can be found in the themes of his lyrics.
Blues is the roots and the rest is the fruits.
I absolutely was into it.
I love the mix of awesomely made fictional scenes.
And the music is so nice.
It is really amazing.
I really liked this movie.
I think part of the reason this movie was made.
So this movie does not follow any book.
But it does follow parts of the games.
I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out.
And I was right.
The games are based for children 10 yrs and older.
All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games.
he should have been more angry with her for how she has treated him.
More teen spy movies by Emma Roberts.
My mom even enjoyed it.
And when she gets her roadster and Ned is there.
I bet next time they will give the movie and actresses a chance.
They all did a great job in my opinion.
But if you have young kids its still appropriate.
I will probably take my 7 year old niece to watch it too.
Ned is pretty much the same.
I liked the push for more conservative dress.
He was a little out of place on a high school campus.
I never quite got why he was there in the first place.
Emma Roberts was adorable in the title role.
I really enjoyed this movie.
You will not be disappointed.
It then begins lampooning the books immediately.
The mystery of the movie is handled more seriously.
The movie does fail to live up to some potential.
And that is exactly Alexandre.
This is not a bad film.
I am really happy that I saw this movie.
I really enjoyed this movie.
Emma was so much fun to watch in the role of Nancy Drew.
It is good to see a new face.
I believe she will go far.
I'm surprised Disney did not release this movie.
This is a good family film which is rare in this day in time.
I can not wait for the sequel.
I'm probably one of the biggest Nancy Drew fans out there.
I Loved this movie.
It kept you entertained the whole time you watched it.
I went with about 10 of my friends and everyone LOVED it.
You just have to give it a chance.
Nancy remains true to herself and her values throughout.
The mystery is just tense enough at times to be engaging.
This film deserves better ratings than some have given it.
Nancy balances her femininity with career minded sleuthing skills.
Nancy Drew even makes a good date movie in my opinion.
I'm saying give film a break.
I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst.
But I was wrong.
I loved this movie.
a mistake I almost made.
The actors in the movies made the whole thing exciting and funny.
I am still amazed how she found it out.
It was a really great movie and a great mystery.
I definitely recommend watching it.
I am now on 96.
Beware of villains giving this movie a lower grade than it should have.
So what Nancy is in current time.
I found parts of the movie spooky.
I loved the exciting car chases and get aways.
I loved the clues.
It may not be Oscar worthy but its really a good movie.
This was when she was sixteen.
It was clean and appropriate for everyone.
It was funny at times.
I thought Emma Roberts did a great job.
I really enjoyed this movie.
She is not caught up in the trendy competitiveness around her.
I am very disappointed in other reviews written here.
I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter.
We all enjoyed the movie.
I recommend it strongly to every child and every parent.
I disagree with previous comment about this movie.
You do not have to dress like a cheap hooker to be cool.
You can be smart and pretty and classy all at once.
I certainly recommend it.
The Gang of Roses.
The Rose Gang is ready to ride again.
And this time it is personal.
I do not believe this film was taking itself seriously for a moment.
They are so tough even the bartender is shaking when he pours their whiskey.
So she goes and rounds up her old cronies from her bank robbing days.
In order to win the money you have to actually be INTELLIGENT.
It actually requires skill.
You never knew who would be going when.
Quite simply the best reality show ever made.
I guarantee you will finish watching the season.
Then I guarantee that you will watch season 2.
Anderson Cooper is hilarious 2.
The locations in Europe are awesome 3.
The games are mentally challenging 4.
I have to give this one a recommendation.
I know the film snobs are snorting.
Not social commentary or attempting to sway an audience politically.
I highly recommend this film for kids in the 10 to 15 range.
It has actors that were more recognizable back in the day.
Wayne Crawford stars as the main character Jake Speed.
But this movie is done well enough to keep it out of the cellar.
I am surprised not too many people know about it.
I watched it back then on cable TV.
It has its flaws of course.
At times it is a little slow.
It introduces its villain too far into the story.
Jake is more than a Boy Scout.
Imagine a movie industry that really pushed itself to portray good and decent people.
This film is harmless escapist fun.
Something the recent Tomb Raider film lacked.
The first thing I have to say is that I own Jake Speed.
I have seen it at least 10 times.
This movie is one of the most fun movies ever made.
Her sister was kidnapped in Paris and the family has heard nothing.
Jake Speed is a hero.
This film is a great adventure.
I guess it is a cult film with a very small cult following.
And the pacing does sag on occasion.
Her parents are entertaining enough.
It seemed very stagy and cheesy.
Definitely give it a chance if you appreciate great dialog.
Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth.
It is quite interesting how Shaw layers meaning within the rather standard comedic plot.
The other players are letter perfect.
The plots are generally clever.
Enjoy this for what it is.
But what they talk about is just what makes life worth living.
It has the great triangular shaped headlights.
There is a nice little story beneath the runway model approach in this film.
See if you can find that one.
And it is not only homosexuals.
or his real life counterparts would have.
Jeremy Brett IS Sherlock Holmes and in my opinion there can be no other.
One might make the argument that Mr.
Brett and to this I would agree.
The story is interesting and dark.
And most of the episode plots come across as palatable.
A blind person could tell.
Just listen to them talk.
Yet Alexandre is shown to be as chauvinistic and jealous as any other man.
The film is an extremely icy end to the highly revolutionary French New Wave.
The thesis that Peruvians migrated to Polynesia is alive and well.
I would be interested in buying it.
This documentary follows Dr.
Do yourself a favor and read the book first.
Brazilian films often get more positive appraisals than they actually deserve.
It seems to be bluntly rejected by female spectators at large.
I mean as far as graphical violence is concerned.
We have the same here.
All actors are improvising and they are very realistic.
It shows something of the everyday life of many Brazilians.
And that is the only negative comment I have on this film.
Despite this I liked the movie and the way the story unravels itself.
My vote is eight.
One of the last classics of the French New Wave.
This is undoubtedly a film that stays with you.
But that just adds to the power this film has.
Its about people and how they deal with tragedy.
The acting is superb.
I highly recommend this film to anyone.
I'm going to keep this review short and sweet.
This film is absolutely stunning.
It is a visual treat.
Overall you get the impression of a graphic novel in footage form.
All in all a great film and highly recommended.
The plot and layout is not overly original.
It is not hard to figure it all out.
At its base is the more primitive industrial infrastructure.
Paris has been intricately animated and laid out in brilliant black and white.
I can love and loath in the same light.
It is definitely an experience I recommend for lovers of the visual arts.
It immerses you into the world of a future Paris.
The overall effect is a harsh and gritty urban world filled with small surprises.
I am going to have to see this one again to get everything.
The year is 2054.
Paris is both ultramodern and crumbling into decay.
A tough police captain investigates.
The pacing and plot development are marvelous and the dialogs crisp.
I would almost give it 10 out of 10.
Add a detective story and you have got an interesting film.
But it sure is fun.
You should really be careful what you AXE Santa for.
Have a Scary Christmas and a Happy New Fear.
Okay I will stop.
Every second of the film is gorgeous.
Take away the sumptuous visuals and it is a barely average film.
This is to be applauded.
I identify this film with this.
This film is certainly more about style than story.
Whether thats a good thing or not is up to the viewer.
I would recommend it.
Animation always seems to be fringe.
If you are a normal person you will get scared by this.
That was one of my fears for this movie.
English might be more interesting what with Craig and everything.
A final word of praise to the animation.
This one is the 1st.
One of the producers was there and gave a brief introduction.
to me was really good.
Things you would not be able to do or see is accomplished beautifully.
I think you will not regret it.
I highly recommend this film.
Make any excuse you need to see this film.
I will definitely recommend Renaissance to friends.
That same can not be said of Renaissance.
The visuals are staggering.
The world of Renaissance is remarkable.
7 out of 10.
The best Treasure Island ever made.
No one makes films like this.
This is one of my favorite pictures.
This is an important film.
It challenges the viewer and encourages you to pay attention.
The director seems interested in taking apart some of the more tired cinematic conventions.
This is weird wild stuff.
The first film ever made.
But consider this short again.
worse is the historical reality of the film.
The film therefore describes two types of imprisonment.
It is stunning to see moving images from the year 1895.
This was one of the most important movies in history.
Until the photograph started to move.
And it is all because of this.
And the dog on the bike is a lovely touch.
All this within fifty seconds.
The word genius is often overused.
I had forgotten Santa was played by Drake over the years.
His Santa is an unstoppable force and quite frightening at times.
You can probably guess how Santa finally gets into the house.
We start with closed doors of the Lumire factory.
When they are all out the doors close again.
Being bored by this is close to impossible for multiple reasons.
The screen was stretched in a doorway between two rooms.
Louis had an innate sense for motion picture taking.
And this was the first film projected for the entertainment of the general public.
Be sure to read the great novel.
She brings credibility to her character and makes the film intriguing.
But the story itself is not so much.
The results are predictable.
But I liked it anyway.
The cinematography lends the film a polished look.
overall an Excellent movie and a must see.
So little is known about both of them and this movie describes them uniquely.
Such movies are like leap years.
They come after only so much time.
The events in the film are mostly real.
The film does not debunk Gandhi and his ideals.
The film presents an unusual scenario that happened.
He wrote and directed the play Mahatma vs.
Gandhi that had considerable impact on the Indian theater community.
The acting by a small cast is pretty good.
Let me move to the movie review now.
Gandhi the true Human.
I saw the movie and really could not stop my tears.
This movie could have been great.
My big gripe is that I thought Gandhi was surprisingly uncharismatic in the movie.
It could have been better acted by the person who played Gandhi.
This movie is simply awesome.
It was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb.
Show us incidents of their early conflict.
Only a fully enlightened man could possibly detach himself from his loved ones.
A man with such caliber leads his family and followers by example.
He deserves an Oscar nomination for this one.
Most scenes of the movie would be nice desktop wallpapers.
It showcase that Gandhi believes more on practical study rather then formal education.
I am leaving reader to see movie to catch further story.
He performed well and with quite an ease.
Other actor have also justifies their performances.
Costume looks and match with context.
Gandhi My Father is a well made movie.
But I will cut three points as there were few shortcomings.
It shows how The Mahatma had to kill M.
This is a beautifully done film.
He expressed emotions very naturally.
I just do not get it.
This is an very good movie.
This is one that I would rent over and over again.
It is not like your normal superhero movie.
Macy is the bomb.
The best scenes in the film give this film its emotional grounding.
There are people who should not see this movie.
I have been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time.
Ben Stiller has always seemed to be slumming in the roles he takes.
You can also understand her exasperation.
I saw this movie the day it came out last year.
Laughing right now as I think about it.
as well as her precious young daughters.
This episode is warmly remembered by even those casually acquainted with the program.
There are many problems with Mystery Men.
The special effects detract from the story and are not really that special.
Now onto the decent parts.
The directing behind this film was fantastic for a comedy.
becoming real Super Heroes.
and ends up capturing C.
within hours of his release from prison.
Tom Waits seems somehow confused by his own lines as the mad inventor Dr.
Where have we heard that before.
Furious you know this is not your conventional rags to riches story.
They said he fell down an elevator shaft.
A very big surprise.
This is too rich a comedy to be destroyed so easily.
The relationships between these three characters make the heart of the movie.
David has dreams that warn him of the future.
But it is also related to the case David is defending.
How it is related is one of the great revelations of the movie.
The photography is also quite good.
This movie is too clever to be that simplistic.
You will thank me.
I saw this in theaters and absolutely adored it.
This film also introduced me to William H.
I loved the fact that The Bowler talked to the ball.
Some of the funniest stuff involved Stiller and his character Mr.
This is a great movie.
I love it more each time i watch.
This is pitch perfect ensemble acting.
You can not watch it again until you have seen it the first time.
This movie was a brilliant concept.
This one is a must buy.
I definitely recommend this movie.
AKA I got a little bored in spots.
I might just need to watch it again though.
Good film about obsession and mystery.
For him alone this film is worth watching .
Mystery Men is one of those movies that gets funnier over time.
It is my favorite film of the last two years.
My kids are 13 and 11 and we all three love this film.
Great acting and comedy.
We love Galaxy Quest and Monty Python flicks too.
This movie is a lot of fun.
There IS a William H.
Except for maybe Melissa in Clarissa Explains it All.
It is finally coming out.
The first season will be available March 2007.
I missed it the first 100 times around.
I wish I could buy the whole series right now.
What am I going to say.
Punky Brewster is pretty awesome too.
if you are gonna have new people at least keep them.
i must say the last few seasons were absolutely terrible.
i saw the last episode.
i would have liked to know what happened after.
I used to love Sabrina The Teenage Witch and have seen every single episode.
Because after that the show definitely lost some of it is magic.
I always liked Sabrina because she was smart.
She was also friendly and easy going which made her enjoyable to watch.
And then there are those scary dreams that come and go at odd times.
Well structured screenplay deepens interest throughout.
Audiences can readily identify with them.
Alicia Browning is an older girl who is trying to graduate high school.
Alicia is made to go to the hospital by the school principal.
Busy Phillips makes an excellent Alicia and Erika Christiansen is equally good as Deanna.
Ryan wanted to give this movie.
i really liked the first 2 seasons.
because a lot of good characters disappeared later on.
i just wished they could have made more better ones.
the opening sequence of season four includes the characters in bubbles.
I used to love the magic of Sabrina and the teenage witch.
But there are a lot of questions unanswered.
And I want to see the last episode of S.
I only wish there were some newer episodes that we could all enjoy.
I remember this show as it became a regular viewing on a Saturday evening.
So Sabrina must learn how to control hr powers and use them effectively.
The show was funny and entertaining.
It kept Saturday evenings entertaining for a 10 year old boy.
and made him laugh out loud.
I know sometimes its really really corny.
Harvey and Sabrina make a really cute couple and Salem is absolutely hilarious.
I definitely recommend it if your looking for some light and funny entertainment.
The best season is probably 3.
I'm not really a fan of some of the seventh season twists.
Your submission must be your own original work.
Comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted.
Please write in English only.
THE LAST WAVE is never going to win over the mainstream audience.
Richard Chamberlain as the lawyer is at his peak here.
Check it out on a slow Saturday night.
Sabrina the Teenage Witch was one of my favorite T.
Not to put down Hilda and Zelda.
I think at 18 they know rules are important.
Well this took her about a few weeks of getting used to.
She had to turn back time and repeat a day.
Sabrina was a hero in my opinion.
then I do not know what is.
My favorite character was Salem.
Those episodes were great.
Overall I really miss this show.
I hope one day ABC brings it back with new episodes.
But I definitely have some bones to pick with it.
Not a single wave is ridden start to finish.
Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip.
It would have been good to see some of them.
It must be a couple of frames in length at the max.
The same sentiment shows up in the main production.
He is a super drag on the movie.
There is a tremendous amount of effort that went into this movie.
There are some uses of still photography that are phenomenal.
It really touched me.
It is just that the movie could have been so much more.
There are some beautiful panoramic shots of waves with a magnificent soundtrack.
It believes in the quest of the surfer.
It believes in the beauty of human goofiness.
Surfing is the ultimate narcissism.
I suspect Alexander the Great would not be celebrated for his surfing technique.
This movie has no military heroes.
It has no guns.
This is not a problem.
Peace is not desperate.
It is the joy of exhalation.
You frightened my wife.
I do not think I will go on much about the plot.
Nothing is ever made entirely clear.
But I do not care about that.
What a euphoric way to spend your youthful days.
We see how the media discovered and promoted the sport after a slow start.
A rousing musical background of contemporary music from all eras accompanies the story.
Have a great ride.
There is a gritty reality to the sport as well.
I was never happier.
It was this message that really impressed me.
Riding Giants is an amazing movie.
It really shows how these people lived back then just to surf.
To them the waves were their girls.
In fact the surfers also scared of big waves.
Even somebody got killed by it.
But they still kept on surfing and enjoyed themselves.
Only brave people can do it.
The amazing cinematography can not be overlooked.
That is absolutely visual enjoyment.
An excellent sports documentary.
This guy should never have been given a Thesaurus.
The use of old film clips throughout was masterfully done.
This a great film.
I stumbled upon this movie on cable and was totally hooked.
Now for the film.
I got nothing more to say.
I rate this 10 out of 10.
This movie just captivated me.
He was deeply moved by the audience reception of him and film.
To begin this film was structurally sound.
This allows you to really go deeper into the mind of each one.
This is what really attracted me to this film.
It only created more excitement and more passion to do better.
This film was the direct opposite.
Good parts from all.
Where the Sidewalk Ends is worth checking out if you get the chance.
The morally guilty cop is driven by impulses from the past.
He immediately goes to the phone to report the incident but he hesitates.
His job was at risk.
At least I think they must be multiple.
Andrews is pretty good.
He has no sense of humor at all.
His underplaying is perfect for the part.
Little twitches or blinks project his thoughts and emotional states.
Otto Preminger made this type of movie just about his own.
Great lighting and mood setting.
8 out of 10.
The chivalrous Morrison intervenes but Paine knocks him out cold.
The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music.
And this is it.
Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets rough right away.
We know he has a reputation for roughing up suspects.
Good cop but getting out of control easy.
I consider it almost humorous the way you came after me alone.
Dixon has a deep feeling of guilt and hates himself for those reasons.
He is straight at last.
This time he does NOT use excessive force but the assailant is killed.
Dixon goes on to dispose of the body in a nearby river.
This information leads to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder.
The troubled man reclaims himself with his own tangled impression of rectitude.
just not quite right.
I watched this movie again after many years tonight.
The plot is convincingly worked out and exciting.
Thematically the film is nothing special.
The camera work is likewise disappointing.
No effort is made to assign the camera to anything.
The night cityscapes give the film an air of menace.
Andrews plays New York City Detective Sgt.
Now he must cover up the murder.
This movie belongs to Andrews.
Absorbing apocalyptic drama builds it is story methodically and is completely original and unpredictable.
But that is where most of the comparisons end.
Where the Sidewalk Ends is set in a completely different strata.
He does his best to cover it up.
She has a quality that can make even the bleakest of moments seem brighter.
The advice is for him to cool off for his own good.
But instead he takes matters into his own hands.
The pacing of this superb film is taut and gripping.
And Andrews may never have excelled his performance here.
We are a long way from LAURA.
But that is really not the point.
I used to watch this show when I was a little girl.
I vaguely remember the theme song.
We are led along the same path but forced to find answers for ourselves.
I Caught This Movie On T.
Excellent writing and wild cast.
The tech is poor but it is obviously very low budget.
In any case one of the most inventive comedies I have seen lately.
The screenwriter in particular is fine.
This was a very well scripted movie.
Great fun if you just want a stupid film.
Good film with a great supporting cast.
But the two manage to continue working together to please their audiences.
He gets deep into character as a jealous and murderous man.
Colman seems faultless in this role.
very good use of shadows and light and silhouette.
He put into that character all his talent and sincerity.
It was like watching Spenser Tracy as Dr.
I would see this movie repeatedly and never feel bored.
I saw this film years ago and liked it.
I just saw it again and loved it.
It became his best known part.
Colman is an actor who really does take the Method quite seriously.
About as opposite a part as you can get.
Colman loves her dearly as well and wants her back.
But here he is not heroic.
He stops himself and leaves.
It showed his blind fury.
But it is only that moment.
All three white actors did the role in black face.
So the film is definitely worth watching.
The way he has of becoming someone else every night.
Tony tells her his name is Martin.
The story and the characters were some of the best I have ever seen.
I beat the game at least 3 times and loved every second of it.
or at least a remake.
I think my favorite aspect of the game is the battle system.
The translation as well leaves something to be desired.
The script is very good.
I would love to help with that project any day.
The multitude of side quests makes it different every time you play.
I remember this game.
And I believe it should be made into a movie.
But this is different than Final Fantasy.
A definite 10 out of 10.
I absolutely love this game to death.
On this adventure you encounter wondrous creatures and boss fights.
You also encounter some friends on the way who have their own special element.
All I can say is most of you have missed the whole concept.
The only other game show I ever liked was Match Game.
One of the more intelligent serial killer movies in recent history.
Others will want to discover more about this enigmatic criminal.
The director here plays viewer expectations and pulls it off.
Some people dislike any movie that is shot on video.
These attitudes are on the way out.
Not only does he manage to make an interesting film on the cheap.
The film follows a young man who copies the original Zodiac Killer.
This film is NOT about the original Zodiac killer.
I have also heard people whine about this film being shot on video.
This is a gritty and street level horror film.
You got to like that statement.
The alternate universe scenario seems eerily realistic.
This episode is a bit confusing.
Clark is told that the life that he knew was all in his head.
And the doctor is an escapee from the Phantom Zone.
The industry dropped the ball on this.
Which gave it no chance to be seen.
Great performances of the 2 lead actresses make this movie.
Girl Interrupted comes to mind.
If you like that you will like this.
Erica is even better in this than in Traffic.
So to make the world right again see this and recommend it.
Finally a story allows Welling to show how he has grown as an actor.
Welling rose to the occasion marvelously.
Clark fights to find the truth about his own personality and origin.
My vote is nine.
Lana is devoted to him.
Martha is married to Lionel.
Seeing this movie about British royals spoken in German adds to its quaint charm.
Maybe this was one of the reasons for the existence of this film.
For example england is portrayed as bordering on Germany.
They arrived their too quick.
I loved this movie.
I love Romy Schneider movies.
Like that guy that was trying to manipulate her mom.
And of course Romy always looks very pretty.
They are strikingly similar.
The movie is almost identical.
Victoria meets Prince Albert in a little inn in Dover.
Their sympathy is based on pure exaltation in dance and gentle smiles.
They had a soul and a message.
I thought the Canadian location sufficed for Kansas pretty much for a TV movie.
This was a pretty good film.
This is a common passage that many use to defend capital punishment.
Too bad we have lost that view in America.
There is no need for more words.
The play of Anthony Edwards and Eric Roberts is superb.
Edwards is clearly the top of all their profession.
This remake was filmed in Canada which I guess doubles okay for Kansas.
But it might have bought time for some of the Clutters to escape.
And the officers come to the interview impeccably prepared.
At least she was spared that degradation.
The story sensitively deals with Mrs.
Clutter asked them to not bother his wife because of her long illness.
It is not factual or journalistic.
It is drama and melodrama spiced with his own creatively psychotic imagination.
He fears himself more than he fears anything else in life.
This one feels fresh and in color and will find its public.
Its 12 years old now but i just saw it for the first time.
Some people will of course disagree but hey.
Sometimes there will be okay with remakes on old films.
Its not every time the old ones are that good.
Its always a question of money of course.
Most of them you cold put in the trashcan directly.
They were so bad that we just sat there like zombies.
I cant recommend them to anyone.
Some of them i have seen remakes of and i remember liking them.
but not the originals.
They were just painful awful.
This is like the old story of who was the best Bond.
I was clicking through the channels and found this.
and watched the movie.
The film is not a work of serious science fiction.
A good plot and an imaginative screenplay are far more important to them.
Both are in abundance in this film.
The movie was much better than the other reviewer stated.
It has a fun fantasy aspect of some time travel.
The question soon becomes though not what is the usual.
That is perhaps what makes it so intense.
There is also something undoubtedly cathartic about watching this movie.
It may be a cleansing rather than a breakdown.
I always thought that it would be difficult to be friends with an actor.
Whether this was improvised or not is not something we have to wonder.
I spent 5 hours drenched in this film.
I enjoyed this dalliance with raw wounded gall deep from within.
The birth in finding real people is a happy pursuit.
The effort for realism intersects with the dark ground of our bankrupt culture.
The gradual disintegration of her personality is the meat of this film.
She is falling apart.
The Aborigines are harboring a secret and refuse to spill the beans.
10 out of 10 and highly recommended.
A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.
It is tremendously moving.
The film is superb.
One of the best dramas ever.
One of the best dramas ever.
And the story is just a brilliant mix of tale and realistic drama.
Never before have inner demons been so exposed physically.
I was totally enthralled by this film.
These scenes are funny and interesting.
Someone else said that this is a movie for people who love movies.
All others be forewarned.
Seek out OPENING NIGHT if you have never seen it.
So this movie might not be suitable for everybody.
There are some nice character portrayed by a good cast.
Brilliant nerve wrecking thriller.
You may guess what may have happened there.
But you can not really understand this movie without seeing it.
Also starring Nancy Allen and Dennis Franz.
I like Ghost stories.
Now I have see many of them.
but nothing since then even compared to it.
This episode was down right creepy as hell.
Wish someone would do more ghost stories like these.
the fact that the movie is predictable is not a problem.
this movie is like a beautiful painting to be enjoyed.
the museum scene is like a nice music video.
almost everything i know about acting came from studying mostly his eyes.
he had the most compelling face.
9 out of 10.
I have the green one and it is among my treasured possessions.
But there are a few complications.
about a missing razor.
What surprises me is what cuts he wanted.
The film gets my stamp of approval.
i chose the unrated version.
i guess you could call this scene soft core porn.
Any comment from here on refers to the unrated version.
there is very little violence and blood.
there is however one death sequence of note.
the act of the killing itself is fairly graphic.
however the blood it self does not look real.
the film is very well paced.
but i think she does a good job with what she is given.
i thought this movie was brilliant.
May contain minor spoilers.
What sticks with me the most in the film are the tense sequences.
As a thriller it is tense and quite often believable.
Scary movie fans should like this.
I grew up watching this series.
Both sellers claim to have very good copy.
Good but not brilliant.
The sequence begins with Angie at an art museum.
The atmosphere is right there.
The atmosphere that makes you scared.
All the actors are in the right places.
Michael Caine is perfect as Dr.
Keith Gordon as her son Peter is brilliant.
Nancy Allen as Liz Blake the call girl is fantastic.
Dennis Franz does his typical detective role.
His Detective Marino is one of the most colorful in this movie.
There are plenty of creepy scenes in this movie.
The elevator scene is one of them.
There are some similarities between these two movies.
Both of these movies may cause some sleepless nights.
The cast is another strong feature of this film.
Michael Cain does a terrific turn as a psychiatrist.
Dressed to Kill is a must see for all cinema fans.
There is a bit of blood.
Dennis Franz is good as the detective.
Its dealings with sex and violence make this a film for adults.
He wields his camera just like a filmmaker expert is supposed to do.
The audience is easily glued in front of the screen.
The prostitute is the sole witness of the crime.
I find his approach about this theme rather doubtful.
Dressed to Kill is somewhat important historically.
The similarities do not end there.
The beginning and ending of each story is narrated by Sebastian Cabot.
Both actors were very good in their parts.
I gave this a high rating.
I highly recommend this story.
The guy had a long run of better than average films.
It is a sensational demonstration of the possibilities of the film medium.
Saw this movie the first time while drunk at a motel in Canada.
While flipping through channels came across the Easy Lube part.
My friend kept flipping but I told him to go back.
Watched the rest of the movie it was pretty damn funny.
Dealers skit is pretty cool too.
I give it a 6.
5 or 7 out of ten.
I give this a 7.
Sadly this movie is dated.
I was born in 1982.
And I found it hilarious.
The scrotal puppet show at the end is the best.
I saw this in Detroit in what must have been its original run.
I literally rolled into the aisle of the theater.
It was that funny.
This film is the granddaddy of them all.
You will not be disappointed.
The Kraft Kitchen recipe sketch had them laughing like maniacs.
A few really great clips make up for this.
A predecessor to such classics like Kentucky Fried Movie.
that is the qualities of a real cult movie.
I particularly enjoy the cooking show segment.
One of the best things to come along in 1972 was Groove Tube.
They decided on making it into a film for general distribution.
Watching him run naked though the woods was a howl.
That act only added to the hilarity of the video.
Each time was more hilarious than the last.
Always gets me laughing in the Baking Needs aisle in the grocery store.
I wonder what ever did become of Ken Shapiro.
and some of these skits were being done for the very first time.
Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI.
to make fun of it and the hippies at the same time.
you will LOVE this film.
check out the Groove Tube.
which picks up on the theme but plays from the angle of the viewers.
the young viewers who were turning off the TV in favor of other entertainments.
this would be the perfect film to watch.
Take it for what it is.
a memento of the times.
thank god somebody is hitting another angle with the boxing thing.
This film looks so fresh and smart.
And the actor is really hot.
She watched it for a second time with me.
We were both enthralled.
Her as if for the first time again.
It does this while being relentlessly entertaining.
Bravo on the next level of cinema.
It came by surprise.
Most vividly was the stirring of the emotion anger.
a temper tantrum if you will.
and to connect with genuine love.
without fear of loss.
This is a unique and bold film.
I love directors who are not afraid to ask the audience to think.
It can take some courage to do this.
I am curious to see what he will do next.
Tossing aside those that do not make the cut.
If something catches my eye I will take the time to watch it.
Needless to say I was enthralled throughout the whole movie.
Bret Carr holds up a mirror unlike any filmmaker has.
The intention and the message is clear and profound.
Very creative film all around.
Still one of my favorite episodes.
It would be nice to know who this pretty lady actually is.
People lived happily then.
He did most of his own stunts.
Men admired him and women dreamed about him.
All of France mourned.
It is a real treat.
Do not confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets poor reviews.
He sets off to join the army and goes to war.
I will not spoil the end.
A movie one will remember with great affection.
to do what she did with no budget.
like no money was spent on this film and it still blew me away.
this movie focuses more on what happens AFTER the event.
and she is unharmed when the shooting happens.
and so she actually goes to see her.
Remake in 2003 with Vincent Perez and Penelope Cruz.
The contrast between the two leads is highly effective.
He sports a deliberately obvious blond dye job.
There are many references and inside jokes about show business.
The setting is clearly modeled on Paraguay.
Paraguay was indeed ruled from the early fifties to the late eighties by Gen.
In fact the U.
I can watch it over and over.
This is one the few movies I can watch over and over.
I thought that Mr.
Dreyfuss was perfect for his role as the actor and the dictator.
But he became more confident and comfortable with the role as time passed.
this is why I gave this film a 7 out of 10.
I enjoyed this film.
This movie is fun to watch.
But all in all it is a great romp.
You get a glimpse of what actors are like behind the scenes.
Paul was totally ripped off by someone at paramount who made Dave.
he was staying in a trailer about the size of my bathroom.
he came to life and they shot that scene for two hours.
A ham actor on location for a movie bears a resemblance to the dictator.
I liked this movie.
Textbook example of an underestimated movie.
An Indian would sell his soul to own one.
The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam pursuing the man who killed his father.
It turns out that Dutch Henry is also in town for the rifle shoot.
He had got the weapon by cheating Dutch Henry at poker.
Young Bull is killed during the attack and the gun passes to Steve.
A classic western in every sense of the word.
I will come clean.
But I was wrong.
How I have overlooked it all this time is a wonder to me.
If you like westerns or James Stewart this film is not to be missed.
Meanwhile the starring is going on the vengeance.
Well worth viewing and definitely an above average story.
The rifle gets in different hands on the way.
Stewart is the right man to play the lead.
He was always the right man to do anything.
There are many classic moments in this movie.
All the true western fans will love this movie.
The other four became much different than this one.
But Stewart never crosses the line.
This is why black and white played such an integral part in the film.
Nobody wants to spend the night there.
I first saw this movie at a festival.
Tess is definitely a gifted filmmaker.
The shots were great.
Dominic shined in his role that she perfectly crafted.
Kudos to everyone involved with this film.
And thanks to Tess and co.
Quite amazing how they even managed to put Wyatt Earp in this all.
But it is no criticism really.
It gave the movie a bit of a sense of adventure and entertainment.
A real western with also plenty of action and entertainment to it.
Winters is the most complex character in a film filled with unusual characters.
Until that time Stewart was mainly noted for an aw.
Smith or George Bailey.
Seldom was there a dark side to any of the characters he played.
The year is 1876.
The whites want revenge.
The native Americans want their land and their way of life back.
Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876.
The movie has him as head marshal.
Other swaps are intermingled with the scenario above.
But it is a great story and worth watching.
Winchester 73 gets credit from many critics for bringing back the western after WWII.
Director Anthony Mann must get a lot of credit for his excellent direction.
This is a good script with several stories going on at the same time.
Look for the first appearance of Rock Hudson as Young Bull.
The film is in black and white and was shot in Tucson Arizona.
Shelley Winters seems miscast here and the purpose of her role is rather obscure.
I was very impressed with this film.
Mann and Jimmy Stewart collaborated on several westerns during this period.
It is then stolen and passed on from villain to villain.
All of those villains are interesting characters.
All of them are fun to watch.
Eventually it does return to Stewart.
The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann.
Every character has a wide variety of experiences.
The characters are remarkably human.
Steward had showed emotions in other films.
Right at the top of my list of ten favorites westerns is Winchester 73.
She plays for time until she can safely get away from him.
The end of a beautiful partnership that produced some quality films.
The style of filming and pacing is what hooks us to watch it.
And the first episode of all is my best evidence.
And it truly paid off.
My vote is eight.
I got into the series very late.
Season 5 ended before I even saw my very first episode.
I watched the first three seasons in three weeks.
My vote is seven.
It felt like it was RUSHED into theaters.
Never does the shock and dramatic serious crack the rule of comedy.
This film is very highly recommended.
This movie is certainly not for everyone.
especially younger children since some moments are little too.
well lets say ADULT for younger viewers.
The story is quiet simple.
a slice of life with a twist.
7 out of 10 broken hearts.
But I can not blame it for that.
Maybe with some background I could have accepted it better.
No plans for Global domination.
Dramatic Superhero movies work.
Romantic comedies with chemistry work.
What may be inherently difficult are Superhero satires disguised as romantic comedies.
Everyone loves the hero.
Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failings.
I liked this movie .
Overall I was rather impressed with the pilot.
It will be interesting to see how this plays out.
It comes very highly recommended.
That kind of makes me happy.
This is probably the most promising show since Lost.
It significantly applies most to the 2007 series.
I'm definitely going to keep watching for resolve as well as development.
I give this series 8 stars.
but I did come out with a smile though I must admit.
I was immediately hooked on this gorgeous new world.
Well I have to say that I have waited for it to come.
Looking forward to January 2010.
I was impressed right from the start.
This is a really positive start to a show.
This is one of the first independent movies I have ever seen.
But it was time for it to end and the story to move on.
I can not wait until next week.
The basic background is that humanity is at a crossroads.
There is a set of moral dilemmas that are being faced.
There are religious fanatics who are willing to kill to get attention.
It also has good performances from the actors.
Anyone who gets stuck on those details is really missing the point.
Wonder if the writers are trying to tell us something.
Well done to Ronald D.
I look forward to the full series.
It was really very good.
Overall a very interesting and wonderful evening.
He is without a doubt from the best of America.
At the very least something has happened that requires further objective ongoing investigating.
Those do not come along every day.
This was the best documentary I have seen.
Factual reporting by Neil and Buzz.
This is an excellent movie.
The cast is a great mix of characters and the story is decent.
Brides are dropping dead at the altar like flies.
a nice slice of Poverty Row talent.
They both like to sleep in coffins.
She gets all sorts of clues about the orchids and Lugosi.
Heaven knows where the police were.
A fun little view.
This movie was a really great flick about something that affects us all.
I know I have personally run into this many times.
An hour and forty five minutes is not enough time for this cause.
Thanks for showing us the way.
One thing is for sure.
you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day.
Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense.
Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant.
A good enough film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end.
Although the casting of the film was still good.
Up until then it just seems like a pointless love story.
The story line is as subtle as a brick through a green house window.
Normally I only like Will Smith when is in full Bad Boys mode.
There were a few times that even my hardened heart nearly broke.
It was pretty enjoyable and I'm glad to have it in my collection.
Bravo to the director and writer who obviously did their homework on those issues.
The script was so real it was amazing.
Someday they will thank you for it.
I have never commented on a film before.
I watched this movie with my girlfriend last night.
I have read comments saying this movie stays with you.
This movie left me questioning my own self.
I loved this movie.
I love movies that keep me guessing and wondering until the end.
An amazing feel good movie and a very sad one too.
Just make sure you have no distractions.
You will want to see every nuance in this picture.
One for my library.
The emotional impact of this movie defies words.
Will Smith is one of the best actors of all time.
I do not know how he does it.
This movie is one of the best movies I have seen yet.
AMAZING and sad all at the same time.
You can not miss a thing.
WELL Worth the money that you will pay to watch it.
do not wait for it to come on TV.
Always he gives a record braking performance.
The way the director described the story was really awesome.
now what is the lesson you can see that while watching.
At least that is what he thinks.
You will not forget this movie easily.
It becomes more and more obvious as the story rolls on.
The acting is excellent throughout and these actors touch your soul.
I'm still puzzled as to why Ben did what he did.
It was a very interesting and touching story but it left me confused.
Maybe that was the point of the film.
Usually I do not like dramas.
but THIS MOVIE is such a super great movie.
If you have a minimum of heart you will do not regret watching it.
I thought this was a wonderful movie.
It touches every fiber of a human being.
The love in the film is very intense.
Good use of flashback.
This is the kind of movie everyone should go see.
I hope people will get something wonderful from this.
I think Hollywood should make more movies with substance.
Even action films can have a caring story.
I like the fact that Will was very subtle in his acting.
He had a purpose and a dedication that is rare to see.
I would suggest watching this alone or with someone that you really care about.
The outside world was suspended for a moment.
It was a nice feeling with all this chaos going on in this world.
This is one of them that can.
This film has potential.
if you like drama this is a must go watch.
It was well acted by all.
I do not hate it when I guess the ending early in a film.
I only hate it when the road to resolution is lined with boring scenery.
Seven Pounds is another fine performance.
I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot.
Put this on your list.
I do not know what to say.
I just watched Seven Pounds.
No one can make me cry like Will Smith.
This movie was skillfully and beautifully done.
Rare to find such intense humanity in Hollywood today.
I have a deep love for and passion about movies like this one.
Therefore I do not mind a little pain at the end.
Sometimes its just not the happy ending you think it should be.
I'm here to help.
He goes easy on those who are being audited.
By the end of the movie I finally put it all together.
Will Smith should have been nominated for a Best Actor Award.
The rest of the cast were very good as well.
It is beautiful and the acting is brilliant.
And that is exactly what this movie does.
Give it a chance.
but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed.
Smith does a great job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.
It all starts with a suicide.
The rest of the cast is stellar across the board.
After that he begins searching for more candidates to receive donations.
She takes her two children and moves in to their new home.
Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy.
You can tell that it has been an act of love for her.
I know fans of Dominic will enjoy this little piece of heaven.
Have an open mind and you will enjoy it.
This is not the case with Will Smith in this movie.
He has grown immensely as an actor.
I think he will at least get an Oscar nod for this performance.
Very true to himself.
His character has a lot of depth.
Surprisingly well written and well thought out.
It actually takes a lot out of you to watch.
I feel like knowing too much about this movie really ruins it.
Wait it out though.
I think it is a little bit of both.
I think he wanted to help people but also rid himself of his past.
I love his character.
Something that a vast majority of films today do the exact opposite.
the other actors were good also great.
Kudos for this achievement.
I just saw this film in Santa Barbara.
it was shot beautifully and the whole thing was really unique.
This film is not without it is problems though.
Otherwise the update is better in every possible way.
That much is clear.
Jason Alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his feet.
Probably our favorite character in the entire movie.
Part of that has to do with the writing.
The director should have seen that and corrected it.
Or never cast her to begin with.
The setting were also very good.
Overall I give it 8.
she looks a bit too old for the role.
The casting was good with some exceptions.
Tyne Daly overdoes her part as Mae Peterson.
I even have the soundtrack and i love listening to his singing.
They put in new songs and scenes.
One more thing I forgot to mention is Vanessa Williams.
She does a good job with the role and the music.
Give her any lyrics and she could sing them.
Just take it in moderation though.
Hillary Duff does an over sexualized Britney spears lap dance version of Mata Bond.
All in all I give this film a big thumbs up.
This is a brilliant political satire.
No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.
It reminded once or twice of Dr.
And as a result I was quite entertained.
is a funny but strange film.
I will go into the plot later on.
This is a movie with some weird casting choices.
Her character is odd.
There is a scene where she sticks a scorpion down her pants.
There is a twist in the end involving the two characters.
That is the only casting choice I am going into.
Cause it just plain strange.
The whole movie is strange.
But at times incredibly funny and I was never bored.
Here we have some of the best actors out there.
Hauser is disgusted by her.
The twist in the end of the film reveals kind of why.
The thing about the twist is that I did kind of see it coming.
I love most of the actors.
He portrayed angst very well.
I was also impressed with the acting for the most part.
The cast in this satire absolutely shines.
You will not have to think too hard to recognize that person.
This film definitely gets a thumbs up from me.
The one person I was most impressed with in this film was Hilary Duff.
I strongly recommend this film.
All the principals turn in solid performances.
this film needs to be seen.
maybe unrealistic is more accurate.
All the elements of a great film are here.
I was blown away by the cleverness and originality in this film.
I would say it is worth a watch.
I thought all the actors in the movie were outstanding.
The format of the mice writing a book for Cinderella was an inspired one.
I enjoy writing stories myself and hope children will be encouraged by this.
A sequel done right for a change.
As an adult I really did enjoy this one.
The music is fun and the animation is wonderful.
The magic has returned in me.
I rate this movie 8 out of 10.
Disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids.
This film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares.
The stories were not so bad either.
The young women are pretty and all do good work.
Is there any doubt the girls will succeed.
Only James Whale remained but his prestigious horror films were behind him.
She also has one of the funniest lines in the film.
Penny decides to take matters into her own hands and runs away.
The story is light and entertaining.
This first film was one of the best.
Deanna herself never did.
The ploy worked well for 21 feature films.
I can recommend it for everybody.
Maybe not small children as they may get scared.
You will love it.
Definitely one of my favorites.
Repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.
It boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.
Both the film and the TV series also featured British actor Simon Jones.
One of the greatest film I have seen this year.
I do like the end.
but a big question also comes.
Jose is sent back to meet James again by future scientists.
Repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.
It boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.
A very strong movie.
Bruce is good and Brad also.
That means the woman was a real insurance and she did her job.
In the theory of parallel worlds the man can meet himself.
And I do believe there is no problem in that.
Here I disagree with Dr.
But the story pf 12 Monkeys has its own beauty.
The story is very layered and offers quite a lot to think about.
Fantastic production design and suitably bizarre cinematography.
In my top ten.
The story is just fantastic.
Other role performances worth mentioning are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt.
The direction and cinematography were engaging without becoming a distraction.
Brad Pitt delivers a perfect performance.
Both Bruce Willis and Brad Pitt acted extraordinarily well.
The story of this film is truly remarkable.
Apparently animals do not contract this disease.
Cole accepts and the story of the Twelve Monkeys begin.
insane in this film.
So overall I think this film is completely worth checking out.
His character in this movie is far beyond every single one so far.
Its the one and the same speed that flows gently and pretty good.
B There should be more movies like this.
12 monkeys is a movie you do not see every day.
It has excellent actors to go with a excellent story.
The actors in this were awesome.
This movie was excellent and must see and also its a must own.
I very much highly recommend it.
I definitely liked it.
This is the first movie of Terry Gilliam that I have seen.
The movie is set in the future.
A virus killed 5 billion people.
He is sent from the future to get some information about it.
The loose ends are tied up in a very interesting manner at the end.
The complex plot flows smoothly without adding too many characters.
The performances are quite good.
His desperation in certain sequences is portrayed beautifully.
I have to check out his other movies.
The gorgeous Madeleine Stowe is quite a treat to watch.
But there are many other levels speaking here.
For me it all comes to a head in the fleabag hotel room scene.
And there is David Morse as Dr.
most of the time it is nothing for me.
James Cole is one of them.
But that is not the only good thing about this movie of course.
The acting is amazing too.
I watched this movie once around 10 years ago.
Madeleine Stowe is very good playing Dr.
He is gathering information.
What was can not be changed.
A film not quite well understood for many.
But they do all tend to suffer from the same weakness.
And this made me look at the film with fresh eyes.
A first rate film.
I know I did.
The story is interesting and deals with time traveling.
In 1990 he is arrested and put in a mental hospital.
He also meets psychiatrist Dr.
The movie constantly plays with time.
For Cole that someone appears only seconds after the phone call.
Things like this happen throughout the movie and therefore you must keep attention.
You are never certain of what will happen next and that helps the movie.
That was the easy part for me.
Terry Gilliam of course is a natural for this kind of film.
Cole could be any person.
Now they are set on trying to prevent the virus from ever happening.
12 Monkeys was an incredible film.
The movie contains a very thrilling end too.
All serve to envelop the viewer into its disturbing cacophony of madness and futility.
10 out of 10.
This film certainly should be in Oscar contention.
I remember them giving out prizes for showing up to see the movie.
After seeing the movie I can see why.
The problem with this movie was that it tried to tell a side story.
The sync is perfect in every shot.
I feel and believe in the characters of this movie.
Dubs are often a subject i rarely agree with from so long ago.
To my knowledge the title only ever made it to the US in Texas.
Personally i think its a big shame.
Laser discs were the most productive media.
Other reviewers here seem to think this is an awful film.
Perhaps its just a new tool for directors to try.
I thought it made the film much more interesting.
I was pretty surprised with this flick.
The acting was pretty impressive and the story really captivated me.
But hey if your audience is left wanting more then this movie has succeeded.
The viewer is never sure which male figure she will commit to.
The overriding metaphors are bold and brave.
This is a gangster film in Chile.
In Spanish with English subtitles.
I strongly recommend it 9.
Point two above is important because the movie is very quiet.
The same kind of atmosphere generated by Stanley Kubrick in Eyes Wide Shut.
Not for all people.
Hats off to the person that thought of doing this.
It really makes you think.
The hospital staff and his fellow wounded Marines can not get through to him.
Neither can his girl back home played by Eleanor Parker.
She has such an innocence to her in this movie.
The hunting scene is very good.
A well deserving film and one that should not be forgotten.
but the overall storyline is solid and very moving.
The Army Hospital has since become a college campus.
The battle scene was superb.
But one bone to pick.
No matter how many .
No one would argue that this 1945 war film was a masterpiece.
And they had one here.
A striking dream sequence is included.
This movie is a fantastic movie.
Anyway this is a great movie and I highly recommend it.
If it ever is put out hopefully it will not be colorized.
Colorizing it would in my opinion just ruin the whole effect of the film.
Garfield did a superb job of portraying Mr.
Some actors might have been tempted to overact the part of Mr.
I am not knocking these films as many of them are still very watchable.
Goodnight Mister Tom is one of these special movies.
During the stay Mr.
I have truly enjoyed watching it and highly recommend it.
Quite a heartwarming little film and not just for the kids.
That film featured a boy being evacuated from Finland to Sweden during WW II.
Getting a boy instead she completely ignores him.
The fact that the boy speaks Finnish complicates matters even further.
I highly recommend that film to anyone who enjoyed Goodnight Mr.
This movie resonated with me on two levels.
Marvelous film again dealing with the trials and tribulations of World War 11 England.
What makes this film so good is the touching of the human element.
We soon see why this child wets his bed.
He comes from a lunatic mother who has abused him terribly.
The old man takes to the child and brings happiness into his sad life.
The picture is so good because it deals and builds on endearing relationships.
I simply love this movie.
I think it is a great cult movie.
As he gets to know this child he starts to develop a friendship.
Set during the Second World War this is an excellent film.
A man who was always so unassuming.
He can be remembered for his famous role of Inspector Morse.
The interaction between the two main characters.
A truly heart wrenching film.
John Thaw is a an excellent actor.
A very moving story with a satisfying ending.
Gone but not forgotten.
This film touches the deepest points of the human soul and never lets go.
I give it ten stars.
Yet this heart of flint is about to melt.
London children are evacuated in advance of the blitz.
Willie is played to good effect by Nick Robinson.
This boy is in need of care with a capital C.
Tom discovers again his ability to love and care.
And the boy learns to accept this love and caring.
See Tom and Willie building a bomb shelter at the end of their garden.
Two points of interest.
This is the only appearance of Thaw that I know of where he sings.
this movie is awesome.
the high school is taken over by evil ms.
The second storyline is about Sam and Kate Barlow.
The film is reasonably easy to understand.
It brings out the child in everyone.
Although the movie was different from the book it was still very good.
I especially like the work of the boys though.
Smith was supposed to be a moody and tough kid.
The directing and editing was great.
You got to go and dig those holes.
Disney has done it again.
Holes is one of the best movies in 2003.
I found the storyline in this movie to be very interesting.
The acting was also superb.
This movie is one I strongly recommend.
I give this movie a 9.
Holes is a wonderful film to see.
I highly recommend it to anyone.
This movie is an absolute joy.
I am most impressed with the quality of this movie.
It was best that way.
This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch.
Suddenly the perfect opportunity to see it came.
Disney made the right choice.
Every person who I have talked to about it said they LOVED it.
I can see how some folks might not like this movie.
It was interesting to see the story come together like pieces of a puzzle.
A very interesting movie.
Holes is an awesome movie.
I love it a lot and it is one of my favorite films.
Holes is generally a very cool motion picture.
I wish Disney would make more pictures like it.
Holes is indeed a rare breed of Disney flicker shows that is cool.
Children deserve to have their entertainment too.
But not with Holes.
I hope Disney takes more risks and makes more edgy flicks like this.
They use some famous actors which give a great effect on the film.
These are not distracting and really gives a great back story.
All the cast are great.
The other plus is in the casting.
For the first time events are not explained in details.
Loved the two families crossing paths in history.
The acting was great.
Not sure where the story was with Mr.
Sir being Marion a women at the end but makes his character even funnier.
This is one of my favorite films of all time.
I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys good movies.
seriously i loved this film.
i had started to read the book and i loved it.
the way everything was set up and everything had a purpose.
and of course Andrew Davis directed it.
the storyline is very cool and interesting.
it is very similar to the book.
i find this film to be not the least bit boring.
i absolutely loved it.
and i encourage anyone to read the book.
all in all this film is very well put together and carefully crafted.
two thumbs up for me in every single way.
The reasons start here and a spoiler maybe found within.
Some people just have natural talents that can transcend mediums.
I wanted to see his character vindicated before the conclusion.
This is the man that made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast.
Sometimes a goofy role brings out the best in a performer.
I guess population and land area figures both can be misleading.
Great cast even though it was anywhere near ensemble.
It was palatable for me and I am a college student.
Everybody should see this movie because it both informs and entertains.
I recorded this ages ago but only got round to watching it today.
Some people have said this is a kids movie.
It really is one of the most perfectly written novels I have ever read.
I think it moves a tad too quickly.
The novel takes more time in developing the characters.
It works a lot better.
I also do not like the multitude of pop songs.
This movie is much better than just not bad.
The movie is smart and expects it is audience to be as well.
I especially love the image of the holes from a birds eye view.
But its a big hit in my world.
He is unlucky in life.
It is during just such a turn that we meet Stanley IV.
With that the Judge enthusiastically sends him off to Camp Green Lake.
The movie captures the way boys interact with one another perfectly.
It is this well nuanced core that makes everything else in the film believable.
What is also refreshing about this film the good nature of its main character.
And that is refreshing.
I give it a 10.
blinded by ignorance by the very city you have allegiance to.
Of course you do not know it because you are so LA jaded.
They recognize that SF is close to LA which is a benefit.
Movies that are now considered classics.
They said exactly that in the film.
This film just focused on one aspect.
BUT I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE.
Would recommend this film.
There are so many layers to this film.
What does change mean without reflection.
I love this movie.
PUT THE CAMERA ON ME is a deceptively cute film.
This adds a new angle to the film.
Darren Stein is a director.
No doubt about it.
This is much more than some home movies.
OR the counterweight illusion .
I'm the same age as Mr.
The films deal with dark themes at time.
Eyeliner was worn nearly 6000 years ago in Egypt.
The remainder of the first season is excellent.
I can hardly wait for the second season to begin in the United States.
It was really fun and i thought the actors was brilliant.
This is a perfect series for family viewing.
We gather around the TV to watch this on BBC America.
The wardrobe has a spot of current fashion.
There is a moral to each story.
This is a gem to be enjoyed by all.
Maid Marian is also an appealing role model for young girls.
The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters.
It is exciting and generally very well made.
The plot is stronger than most serials and never becomes incomprehensible or meandering.
This was one of the best of the era.
I also like the way he dispenses with Sebastian in the first episode.
Not the sissy new crap.
This is a period serial set right after the birth of Mexico.
Its Zorro and his band of men to the rescue.
The story moves and its nicely not clear who the real bad guy is.
Its super and highly recommended.
with his trusty lash.
The story invites comparison with the American Revolutionary War.
We have an unknown evil leader who is fomenting trouble between different groups.
There is a small slip up.
The exciting musical score adds punch to an exciting screen play.
Reed Hadley does a fine job as Don Diego and his alter ego Zorro.
Costumes and buildings are very good.
From the start it is so well written.
Just watch it and adore it.
It was originally a play.
The camera is always moving and keeps your attention going.
A very good thriller.
This movie is a perfect example of the latter.
A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release.
The performances particularly by Caine are amazing.
Everybody has his or her own agenda.
Well written with good performances by all.
Recommended film for anyone who wants to see masterful writing and plot.
The whole cast seems to have a good time.
Deathtrap is not a whodunit.
The actor plays him as a little puppy or a homicidal maniac.
Excellent plot within a plot within a plot.
The casting of Michael Caine in the central role just confirms it.
This is not helped by the acting.
The couple believe Mr.
This is one of my favorite movies of all time.
The twists are a lot of fun.
Michael Caine excels in roles like these.
Irene Worth stands out as the funny psychic.
It will boost the revenues and his own Warhol quotient.
One is the production design.
The house is not overly large or baroque in its decor.
You will probably enjoy it.
I wish I could catch a staged version somewhere.
maybe someday I will.
Stage adaptations often have a major fault.
The chemistry between Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve is quite brilliant.
The dynamics of their relationship are surprising.
4 out of 10.
MICHAEL CAINE is an insanely jealous playwright whose latest play has failed miserably.
Best to just sit back and enjoy the ride on this one.
And her fears just may be justified.
An absolute masterpiece of suspense and mystery.
The acting is excellent.
The minimalist feel works for the whole picture.
And it is totally worth repeat viewings.
And watching him work with Reeve and Dyan Cannon was an absolute pleasure.
Repeat viewings are a must.
where I could count on no sense of moral obligation.
Just the sort of hit that would revive his career.
Both psychological battleships loaded for bear.
But the film floats because of the actors and the script.
In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic.
The original is still the best.
He gets the bright idea of torturing Tom without him knowing.
30 minutes seems really short for a movie in 1917 also.
He plays a western actor perhaps vaguely modeled on William S.
Both writers helped change the role of their professions in the business and art.
The doors and walls are just flats that are hastily assembled for the set.
To Die For has it all.
This film has a great cast.
Lots and lots of romance and terror.
Not too gory but still enough to appeal to horror fans.
There are a lot more vampire love stories.
Most of his films are below average action movies like Death Warrant and Gunmen.
This movie really fascinated me.
It really is the story that keeps you focused.
Especially fans of the original Dracula myth will be satisfied.
The blood drinking and stuff all was invented by Bram Stoker.
Especially in the scenes involving Ms.
It is a surprisingly funny satire of the building up of celebrity.
Loretta Young was already a clothes horse.
The only thing odd is the casting.
Made a few years later William Powell and Myrna Loy would have been perfect.
This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge.
Some of the scenes are very funny.
The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious.
There is no way on earth bridge will ever be like that.
This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge.
Some of the scenes are very funny.
The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious.
There is no way on earth bridge will ever be like that.
This movie is completely ridiculous.
but the music is great once it comes in .
Alien says why are you following me.
Tommy answers because i feel like it .
I love this movie .
It touches my heart.
But it did make a strong impression.
The movie is just plain fun.
do not look up where the stars are now.
The film illustrates this exceptionally well.
I saw this film prior to joining the British Army.
Some years later I was in Canada for a family get together.
She spent some time out there researching.
The answer is right at the end.
Once you start to watch you do not want to miss anything.
This maybe called a war triller.
All are unusual in their way and show war at a personal level.
The whole approach gives a completely different twist to a war film.
Well worth watching again if only it could be found.
I saw it perhaps 20 or so years ago.
I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me.
I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay.
Then I was invited to see the finished film.
How can the viewer rating for this movie be just 5.
Kate is crazy about Tom.
if only he could pull his head out of the sand and see it.
A raucous high school romp that defies all rules of normalcy.
and I loved it.
The ending pretty much sums up the film as a whole.
Riff and her classmates take over the high school and one massive party begins.
I'm not sure i have a big imagination and i like to revile it.
I happen to like Belushi very much.
Another sad Hollywood story .
I bought it twice and some little girlfriends absconded with it.
There was nothing pretend about this movie.
It may not be my or your life.
Very heart warming and uplifting movie.
I saw this movie when it was first released and enjoyed it immensely.
Put it all together and you end up with good entertainment.
Grey only knows the lucrative law business and nothing about life.
With all thats going on in the world sometimes we need an escape.
Curly Sue is just that.
There is more than furious action or heart pounding dramas.
Try it you may like it more than you think.
The little girl is really smart and cute.
Their worlds collide and comedy ensues.
Jim Belushi is a comic genius.
She intends to ban rock and roll music all together.
An instant midnight movie.
Characters change at random and the movie goes jumping all over the place.
I was never a fan.
I give it a 7.
This movie made me very happy.
It touched my heart.
The pair live off their wits as they travel the great US of A.
Some of her vocabulary suggests that she is every day of 9 or older.
He was working hard to show everybody he was the real deal.
what women mean when they say they want to be treated equally.
why Americans are crazier than Arab terrorists.
how society should treat the physically handicapped.
and even if you have the right to tell a joke or not.
Carlos is the bomb.
And shortly thereafter her son becomes possessed by the spirit of the mummy.
somehow this one achieves that.
I do not know.
You might even want one on your shelf.
The atmosphere is awesome and the story original and entertaining.
I especially love the scenes where the RV is under attack in the desert.
And it is not just mindless fun.
There really were a lot of clever jokes in it.
A great cult classic and a truly incredible time capsule.
of watching this as a child.
I thought it had such a cool and highly original storyline.
uncut in those years.
One would think John Waters would have idolized this film.
When I was young I had seen very few movies.
My parents in all their wisdom rented this one.
My brother and sister got to of course and this made me very angry.
I was only given a stern talking to and sent home.
Chores all around the house.
This movie scared heck out of me when I was just a kid.
The arm ripping scene is good.
Put some top name people in the roles and then see what you get.
I rated it a 9 based other films of this genre and age.
This film is a thinking film in many ways.
This film is an absolute classic for camp.
Everyone knows the story.
This was one of the first CREEPY movies I ever saw.
I was about 5 at the time.
and my mom got very upset.
I will definitely be the president of your fan club.
I just wish it were longer.
I am looking forward to The Dreamless with extremely high expectations.
This movie got the most applause of all the films that evening.
But to my surprise I really enjoyed this.
I thought the main actor demon guy was really good.
I was so impressed with his performance that I checked out his name.
The girl did an okay job.
I guess its hard since it was her first performance and being so young.
The dad did well also.
The other was a very simple story.
I also thought the end credits went a little slowly.
But he managed to really win me over in this performance.
I mean really win me over.
He was exceedingly convincing as the evil demon.
The situation of an abusive family is never an easy one.
This is one film that I think about constantly and would highly recommend.
I felt that this movie was incredibly beautiful and emotional.
The acting was absolutely superb by him.
The effects and cinematography were absolutely mind blowing.
I wonder if they had at least a hundred thousand budget for this.
It is rare you get to see such a high quality short.
The opening was absolutely breathtaking comparable with any major feature film.
But this stuck in my head days after watching it.
There are very few shorts with this level of quality.
It was very well directed with strong imagery.
There is also a surprise twist at the end which caught me off guard.
This leans towards the Gothic feel.
I would love to see this as a full feature film.
Profiler plots are quite simple.
The acting is not superficial at all.
I truly enjoyed this film.
The acting was terrific as was the plot.
Jeff Combs has more talent than he is recognized for.
The only part of this flick I would change was the ending.
There were some interesting religious messages in this film.
I only noticed this after my third viewing of this classic creature feature.
Good gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners.
It brought some joy into my life.
that is the only reason I love it so much.
This is a must for Vincent Price fans.
But even that was only passable.
Poor focus in some scenes made the production seems amateurish.
There are far too few scenes of any depth or variety.
Everything you need for an entertaining monster movie.
Good performances from the then mostly unknown cast.
A good sense of humor.
A lot of eerie moments that will stay with you.
Many of the goofs really stand out.
Boy was I wrong.
There are some great moments that sent shivers down my spine.
Halloween is the crowning achievement of the horror genre.
Most modern horror movies fit into this category.
They actually frighten you to a level that you have never experienced.
It takes so many risks that would make most movie producers cringe.
But nearly all of them work.
The story is simple.
Nothing is hard to swallow in this film.
Carpenter just sets the camera in place and says action.
And not many of the scares work for the first part of the movie.
In 1978 a phenomenon began.
He murders 3 of them silently and subtlety.
He does not speak.
They are the only reasons why we are afraid.
And the climax is truly startling.
It is terrifying and well acted.
It is also mysterious.
A force that can not be denied.
This movie focuses on the fear of the unknown.
Perhaps that is why this thing is a masterpiece.
There are two movie experiences I will always cherish.
Everyone knows the story.
Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween 1963.
That is a cheap thrill.
One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob off the ground.
This also peaks our audience.
He splits the victims apart.
He also relies on brute strength.
The end is one that left me speechless.
Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that it can be enjoyed numerous times.
leaving poor Laurie to fight against the seemingly indestructible Michael.
Beautiful cinematography and lighting really make this moody horror flick scary.
Myers is hidden well until fully revealed at the exciting conclusion.
Now that is terror for a 10 year old.
This all could happen.
At times it is graphic while the rest is relegated to our imaginations.
So we ourselves are contributing to our own fears and anxiety.
On his way he kills and kills.
Michael ceased to be a person once he killed.
He is as unstoppable force.
This is the source of all his power.
very very cool stuff.
But I do not know if this is true or not.
Also to imagine if you were ever in this situation what would you do.
Oh and if your thinking about watching the Rob Zombie remake do not.
So by all means go see this masterpiece you will really like it.
Jamie Lee Curtis is an actress I can never stop loving.
I think Rob Zombie should have NEVER remade such a classic.
This movie is meant to be scary and I think it succeeds very well.
But I would have to say this one blows all the others away.
It is one of the eeriest images in movie history.
I admit this movie gave me nightmares after watching it for a few nights.
It is just pure terror.
The atmosphere was what caught my attention first and foremost.
Predictable horror movies bore me.
Without him the film would be missing a vital ingredient.
She gives a tremendous performance.
Death at any turn.
Halloween of course shows this in it is most terrifying way.
Halloween is undoubtedly one of the best movies of all time.
Halloween is a genuinely terrifying movie.
The simple yet brutally effective music score only adds to the suspense.
Curtis is such a good Laurie Strode because she is so likable and vulnerable.
It works on many levels and draws the audience in and never lets up.
This should be standard viewing for anyone wanting to experience a truly scary movie.
Incarcerated for fifteen years where he was treated by Dr.
Halloween is the story of a boy who was misunderstood as a child.
This is just the start of things to come from Michael Myers.
I absolutely loved the soundtrack as well as the carefully placed cynicism.
I think of this movie as more of a comedy with undertones of romance.
John Carpenter is the master of horror.
This is his ultimate film.
I loved the scenes in which Carpenter pulled your fright from nearly thin air.
Halloween is one of the best examples of independent film.
It is a simple movie told very well.
The music is perfect and is one of the most haunting scores.
The cast is all terrific.
I wish they had never made sequel after sequel.
It was fun to see Jamie Lee Curtis in the movie.
It retains the ability to make me jump even after repeated viewings.
This is my favorite John Carpenter movie of all time.
My personal favorite horror film.
That and most of the murders are nearly bloodless.
The acting is roundelay good.
Rest in peace Mr.
This was the first and without doubt the best in the Halloween franchise.
He could be created in the cozy little neighborhoods of suburbia.
And on The Night He Came Home.
First is the setting.
it takes place in what appears to be a normal suburban neighborhood.
I also enjoy the grainy feel to this picture.
He is the bogeyman that will haunt you for the rest of your life.
But they do not.
And it is just not the same.
And Halloween succeeds like no other film in this endeavor.
And all he wants here is to kill Laurie.
There is one scene that has to be described.
She goes to the car and tries to open it.
Only then does she realize that she has left her keys in the house.
She is too busy thinking about Paul.
This is such a great scene because it pays attention to detail.
My advice to film makers in our day and age is to study Halloween.
It should be the blue print for what scary movies are all about.
Halloween personifies everything that scares us.
It will not let you down.
Urban Legend will have you enticed at all the pretty faces in the movie.
This is a classic by definition.
i liked this movie a lot.
I rented this expecting something not too bad to spend an evening.
It turned out a particularly satisfying experience.
It manages on both counts.
The script is clever and involving and has a refreshing feel to it.
I think you wont be disappointed to watch this.
I really enjoyed this movie.
probably the best movie i have ever seen.
I Watch it over and over again.
If you want to watch some movie then i clearly recommend this one.
my sons like it and think that this is the best movie ever seen.
This movie is about Guy In Fantasy World.
a must watch movie.
Good story and excellent animation.
Anyone that enjoys Fantasy movies should like this movie.
It is not for young children due to violence and sexual innuendo.
The casting was well done and the scenes and music are first rate.
I consider myself lucky to have a VHS copy in good condition.
Fire And Ice is an animated film set in a fantasy world.
It had some very nice animation in parts and the story was entertaining enough.
I finally found out.
And I liked it.
Very good story line.
it even has a little character development which is great for a cartoon.
See it if you get bored with contemporary animation.
I'm not saying it is just a nice cartoon.
Take none of it seriously.
Just go in and have a good time.
This animation has a very simple and straightforward good vs.
evil plot and is all about action.
I give Fire and Ice 8 out of 10.
Therefore the 2005 release was a dream come true for me.
Fortunately my fears were groundless and I was pleasantly impressed with this movie.
I was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters were.
Why this movie has all but disappeared into obscurity is an absolute crime.
I hope that this film gets the recognition it deserves.
The artists and animated did a great job.
Animation are extremely smooth and realistic.
Tho whole impression of the movie is more sinister and dark.
The colors are not that .
and one mysterious hero to stop evil.
The animation is quite good.
Camp with a capital C.
See it over and over again.
Of course if you are reading my review you have seen this film already.
Watch movies and emulate characters etc etc.
Thats my favorite scene of the film.
Mary is a legendary B movie actress.
well i was a teenager when i saw the movie.
but back then it all blended it was all good .
hated by a few but loved by the masses.
but remember its the worst at its best .
i recommend it to all movie lovers .
With films like these Indian comedy could never be dead.
Worth watching for him alone.
I was so impressed by the other actors.
The movie has true spirit.
The paper airplane gag is a superb example of this.
Then he puts the coke in a suitcase and runs away.
if you think you can take them.
It costs a lot of money to hire these guys like him.
This film would usually classify as the worst movie production ever.
But in my opinion it is possibly the funniest.
The horrifying direction and screenplay makes this film priceless.
Instead we watched the film right through.
This was a film that you can truly wet yourself laughing at.
This was a film that anyone can enjoy.
This is Not a Love Song.
However this film stands unique against both.
It is a love song.
Than it all goes wrong.
The two friends literally have to run for their lives.
Apparently this movie was shot in only 12 days time.
I had a nice time watching it and overall I enjoyed the movie.
I am currently doing film studies at A.
At the same time I wish the relationship was more than what it is.
Some have compared this film to Deliverance.
I believe Of Mice and Men is more appropriate.
It is irrelevant and immaterial whether that is a sexual love.
They need each other.
He did well with them.
I spent some time wondering how the ending would resemble Of Mice and Men.
The soundtrack and cinematography were compelling and intriguing.
A suspenseful thriller that bears some resemblance to Deliverance as for scenery and setting.
It also poses interesting questions about justness of revenge and limits of friendship.
The love between the two main characters may be more than fraternal.
Spike shows noticeable signs of having A.
I really enjoyed this film.
Although it is not for the faint hearted.
For his first ever debut this film has some riveting and chilling moments.
The ending is superb.
Worth checking out if you like the genre.
this movie is practically impossible to describe.
the director is the ONLY one who saw this show.
a truly scary and disturbing movie.
A chilling movie that will make think twice about going up to a catwalk.
How everyone gets carried away by greed and ambition.
My short comment for this flick is go pick it up.
Of course there was a major serious side to the show.
Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste.
He had no business being there.
That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002.
Which is not to denigrate other presenters.
Billy Crystal is a riot.
This was a boring telecast 2.
Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it.
Robert Redford should know better.
The 74th Oscars was a very good one.
The audience seemed to like it.
No awards show can please all the people.
One of the few films that uses deliberate cheesiness and gets away with it.
Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China.
Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film.
It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied.
He has only returned because he thought his father was dying.
And the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because.
And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended.
Here however the audience is delighted.
I like this film a lot.
Water was so scarce that a simple bath had profound depth and meaning.
Overall the film was very effective.
bordering on cloying during the park recital scene.
This movie was an impressive one.
You will not be disappointed.
Almost the entire film takes place in a public bathhouse in China.
An estranged son returns home when he believes his father is dying.
You will not be disappointed.
Not even hardened cynics can find any flaws in this wonderful setting.
I would not in any way argue against such an interpretation.
Both movies are visual joys in their integration of idea and image.
This was not Disney.
A very very playful movie that does not dwell for a moment.
Some very good acting and some wonderful smiles as well.
Very different topic treated in this film.
This movie took me by complete surprise.
I watched it 2 or 3 times.
I really liked this film.
There were many truths this movie brought up.
I love all the characters in this film as well.
This film is on my top 5 movies I have ever watched.
If you got a chance to see this movie do it.
Every character is solid and I was completely drawn into the story.
The organization is much more complex than American audiences will be accustomed to.
Leave your cynicism in your locker.
It will be there when you check out.
And the charismatic cast is impossible to dislike.
And Foster is the one with the plan.
Elegant in its simplicity but so hard for most of us to grasp.
I'm at a loss.
The story is about men in a bath house.
I'm still at a loss.
Talking about the story or the characters will not do them justice.
I was also quite entertained.
Each scene richer and more wonderful than the last.
Shower keeps within itself in so many ways.
This was a very enjoyable film.
The film is as visually beautiful as it is emotionally beautiful.
This is brilliant directing and movie making.
Would love to see more movies by this director.
The eternal doubt between what we WANT to do and what we SHOULD do.
The modern China versus the ancient one.
Lots of old men and women that are no longer needed.
though one of them is killing the other.
The sensitive ones will cry and laugh equally.
This would have been a perfect movie for Elvis.
I saw this movie in the theater when it came out.
I think it is a fine romance.
I gained even greater respect for her as an artist upon hearing this story.
Much is made of her as a diva.
What she is is a pro.
And I am not gay.
Not that there is anything wrong with that.
Streisand fought hard to make this movie her own.
I do not think she was ever satisfied.
His acting is flawless.
Would have loved to watch it together with her last night.
Her voice sounds EXACTLY the same now as then.
The scene where she records Evergreen ranks with the best in the business.
She deserved the Oscar she and Paul Williams got for Evergreen.
Kris is so perfect for the film.
The way he looks at her and he is so proud.
I could watch this movie every day.
The ending always has me in tears even today.
A Star is Born is my number one favorite movie.
Coming of age movies are quite usual these days.
Jodie Foster plays her character straight out.
Annie is rescued by Jeanie and Brad all the time whenever she gets wasted.
Reality comes back hard where she is killed in a automobile accident.
And one gets married to a much older man.
This movie is a classic that deserves to be seen by anyone.
I am and was very entertained by the movie.
It was my all time favorite movie of 1976.
I thought they worked very well together.
The film is solidly enjoyable and throughly absorbing.
I loved it then and I love it now.
It still has a certain emotional resonance despite its numerous flaws.
I think having a second commentator could have drawn out other nuggets from her.
I first saw this video 15 years ago.
I thought it was excellent then and I still do.
The story is well illustrated for a generation which grew up on television.
We looked forward to watching the film to see how it had been interpreted.
It is as if human character lacked any nuance.
The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave is moving.
I loved that scene.
It rates a 7.
The previews made the film look awful.
I recommend this film for anybody interested in the show.
A flawed but innovative and interesting piece of film.
it is good but not great.
Jerry Springer is best taken in small one hour doses.
I thought the movie was extremely funny and actually very interesting.
It is a very good film.
I can not agree with any of the comments.
I will go rent this movie to fully enjoy it.
The music of my late teens.
Here is one the entire family will enjoy.
even those who consider themselves too old for fairy tales.
Matthew Broderick is an affable Prince Henry.
I recommend this for all ages.
I watched it when I was little and I still watch it now.
It has great lines that my family and I quote all the time.
The acting is great and it never gets old.
If you like fairy tales and romances you will love this.
They all appeal to all ages and are all unique and very entertaining.
Sometimes I can not even hear an accent.
You then have to thwart their plans and save the world.
Their is no doubt about that.
This was not a bond game based on material from another medium.
Which gives it that more cinematic feel.
I have gotta go throw this game on now.
But the series had fallen into a FPS rut.
The game also plays tribute to some of the older Bond movies.
The difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission.
This James bond game has a good story to it.
Also the graphics in this game pretty good.
This game would be own as the greatest James Bond game around.
I'm sure others just lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this.
It was different and confusing but not weird.
Weird is Stanley Kubrick or Pauly Shore.
Different is The Truman Show.
Confusing is The Matrix or The Game.
This film approaches the psyche in a way never done before.
It does seem like this film is polarizing us.
You either love it or hate it.
I believe this is a hint to the moviegoer.
This movie is like that impressionist painting.
This is not your typical linear plot.
It requires more thought.
After it ends is when you should think about it.
Just let it happen.
keep an open mind.
Remember what you see and save the analysis for later.
It appeals to a certain taste.
Made me think about it for days after seeing it.
That to me is the mark of a great movie.
Eyes Wide Shut had the same effect on me.
You have to see this film.
I remember my Grade 11 English teacher quite well.
His name was Mr.
But that was the first time this assignment was anything more than impalpable.
He had asked us to prove to him and to ourselves that were real.
Show me how you can tell that you are real.
But Vanilla Sky goes deeper than any other film could hope to.
Brian has one famous line that he keeps telling David over and over again.
This is what film making is supposed to be like.
This is what a film is supposed to do to you.
It is supposed to make you feel something.
Most of the other films this year have been just empty spaces.
10 out of 10 The best film of the year.
This is one film that should not be missed.
And I'm sure that is just fine with him.
this movie is another on the list that i did not want to see.
He is then charged with the murder of Julie.
One thing is certain.
It actually made me think.
During the whole movie I was confused as hell.
I loved everything about it.
This is one of my favorites of the year.
This film drives that point home to the core.
what can I say .
The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout.
I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch.
But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it.
I really liked this movie.
The only disappointment is the slightly bland Kurt Russell.
You will be shocked and challenged as a viewer.
they merge and then speak and its beautiful.
It certainly needs more than that.
He goes through a state of depression and then an outgoing blend of imagination.
I'm from Romania i will try to speak in English.
Tom Cruise plays a young man who was handed everything in his life.
I think the end is perfect though.
I recommend you watch it and see for yourself.
I think this is a must see for all girls 13 and up.
His character can relate to us all in some way.
If you have not seen this yet you definitely should give it a try.
The music and sounds tie into this movie so perfectly.
The whole idea of it just blew me away.
The plot line was also something that kept me interesting through and through.
It was an all around wonderful movie.
I have seen it four or five times and I'm always finding something new.
Kurt Russell plays Dr.
Ignore all people that call this film too confusing to follow.
But it is worth it.
I was surprised by how I was affected watching it.
I really recommend everyone to watch this movie.
Regardless of what you have heard about it.
I do not understand it really.
This is a good movie.
And Tom Cruise does a very good job in it.
The supporting cast is good as well.
Penelope Cruz gives a solid performance and Jason Lee was enjoyable.
I think it is necessary.
And the music in the movie is great.
It mixes and matches different elements and genres.
I really enjoyed this film because I have a tremendous interest in American History.
the Antebellum years and the Civil War in particular.
Cadets from several different classes are all graduating together.
is behind these notorious crimes.
and his motives for feeding a synthetically made biological creature.
certainly provides a different take on the Frankenstein formula.
This film has a lot of strong points.
And especially this movie does the job pretty well.
Until today I had never seen this film.
Strayer with a little comedy thrown in for good measure.
The restored version I viewed used tinting to increase the spooky atmosphere.
So try to see the this version if possible.
The one who is responsible for the killings is Dr.
I can not believe this only has a 5.
Rest of the cast do fine.
But this movie was really good.
I liked it a lot.
And it even had a twist at the end.
Great acting in a fair film.
The plot of a band trying to make it to the top in L.
It was a great experience and i loved every minute of it.
I am not going to lie.
Everything else is a bit too muddled and awkward than it should be.
Greetings again from the darkness.
Here she is the notorious Bettie Page.
Her smile is captivating and her body is flawless.
Patsy Cline and Peggy Lee are just two of the featured performers.
Now will someone please turn Ms.
This film is an excellent break from the Dir.
Accolades to the D.
All around very enjoyable.
I will not bore anyone with a recitation of the iconic status of Ms.
I have never met Ms.
A final note to the young scribe who opined that Ms.
Film can be a looking glass to see the world in a new light.
Our film opens with two key scenes.
There are many things I did not know about Page.
It also appeared to be much less harsh.
Her performance as Bettie Page is simply brilliant.
She is a woman that never looked back and could constantly reinvent herself.
This movie does not over dramatize anything.
It was later said that she had been over hyped.
Maybe she was standing in the shadow of Ms.
Moll was every bit as much Bettie as Ms.
Bettie Page was one of the icons of the fifties.
Moll captured the very essence of the character.
Cinematic nudity normally depicts eroticism or sexuality.
In this film it is all about innocence.
I have known about Bettie Page for many a year now.
So I watched this film with quite a bit of familiarity to begin with.
The result did not disappoint.
Bettie Page is simply being who she is.
The film captured this quite nicely.
This film was a bit slow at times but hit all the points Ms.
It is able to sustain interest until the end and showcases many fine performances.
The ending is rather a let down.
It feels rather abrupt.
Some great costumes too.
Of course Notorious will never be indicted.
Notorious fails in this regard also.
But this is a pretty good TV movie.
I would rate it a 7.
Whatever floats your boat honey.
You were one helluva woman.
I hope you are happy wherever you are.
I still enjoyed as much as I did the original though.
It shows us an example of friendship and hopes we understand.
The good thing about the joker is that it still mark Hamil voice.
This leads me to my next point.
Gordon slimmed down about 100 pounds.
Though some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching.
It was an interesting perspective to their relationship.
I just wish some of the episodes could be longer.
I totally disagree with the other reviews.
I took a chance on this movie and was glad that I did.
The script is original.
The actors are all likable and convincing.
Dee Smart reminded me of Marcia Brady from the Brady Bunch.
But this gal truly can act.
The setting in the Australian Outback is perfect.
God bless Paul Kelly.
The Cranberries are also here.
I have seen this movie twice in less than 24 hrs.
I will probably watch it again.
It is that interesting.
It makes one think.
Back Of Beyond is a likable.
The 700 Club gives a great perspective on world events.
Some have described it as disingenuous or cheesy.
I find the program to be informative and inspirational.
I have certainly said some foolish things in my life.
I would certainly be willing to forgive Mr.
Robertson since he puts out a great show.
His definition of evil is the opposite of evil.
God have mercy on you.
i really in enjoyed watching this movie.
like most of the people that watched it.
however this was not really comedy.
it is a drama with comedic moments.
so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.
i would say more but it think it would spoil the movie.
i do think that it is worth a chance.
Story about four teenage girls growing up in California.
The acting is good on all counts with Foster giving the best performance.
I give it a 8.
I enjoyed this movie quite a lot.
This movie is not so much a comedy as a drama.
I highly recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.
He proved that he would stop at nothing to blend into the white neighborhood.
You know that life on that street will never be the same.
The only African Americans in the neighborhood at the time was the maids.
Then the blending in began.
It makes you question where does racism begin and end.
all for the sake of fitting in.
But take a look and judge for yourself.
the plot of this is existent but only vaguely accounted for.
An elephant made of water.
only someone who is extremely opened can do such daring film.
it is absolutely not for kids.
And make sure no one under 10 is in the room.
Cat Soup at first seems to be a very random animated film.
Though it is not totally random.
I spent the whole time basically sitting with my jaw agape.
The animation is stunning.
Her soul is split in half.
One is regained by the cat boy while the other half is lost.
But to some people it is probably not their cup of tea.
And therein is the core of the movie.
Maybe you were one of those girls.
Aching and tenderly done.
A fine piece of captured femininity.
Best animated movie ever made.
I have related this journey to many things.
A great journey for those who get the chance to see this absolute masterpiece.
Maybe it is because Marty has more experience at it than Andrew.
Much better than the credit it receives.
The camera work is splendid.
I love that final shot.
not gonna let it ruin my entertainment.
Gender Bender is another great Season 1 episode.
It is entirely original.
This is one of my favorite Season 1 episodes in fact.
Its different but enjoyable.
Ignore any bad reviews you may hear.
The plot is great as well.
Go check it out.
The second series sends the boys to try out different occupations.
The third follows their European tour.
I thought that it was one of the best movies I have ever seen.
This film was funny as hell.
It was also true to the bone.
Jamie Kennedy was able to hold his own well.
The only downside was Carmen Electra but we can not have everything.
Otherwise we get the film in its original 1.
The same is also true of the soundtrack.
As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them.
What it does suffer from is weak and kind of derivative writing.
Broken is no genre classic.
I have never heard such aggressive surround from such a small feature.
Also included is an equally impressive Dolby 2.
The extras are broken down into categorical menus.
These nasty guys and girls are larger than life.
They are all guns and knives.
There is no way out.
The acting is much better than I usually see in these smaller films.
I keep thinking that this is the first 20 minutes of a longer film.
Otherwise we get the film in its original 1.
The same is also true of the soundtrack.
As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them.
I have seen the box office.
You are staying away in droves.
Go take your movie ticket budget and put it towards this instead.
This movie must be seen.
Story lines and interviews are inter weaved to create a more interesting show.
1 which has to go down in history has a classic.
Please purchase this game as soon as possible.
This game ranks above all so far.
The voice acting was above standard.
The difficulty level is just right.
The only rating this game deserves is great.
I give it a 10 out of 10.
Definitely the perfect finale.
I'm going to miss him.
I need to be honest.
I like to have a hard laugh with the situations of the show.
With all due respect.
This is a show that has little taste or class.
Specially the Paco character.
Why the Academy failed to take notice is beyond me.
Definitely a film that deserves more than it is 171 votes.
At least for me.
It was number something on The 100 Greatest Funny Moments.
A baby is abandoned next to a basketball court.
Action is tight and epic while comedy chokes on to the right places.
Go ahead and watch it.
you will have a great time.
The movie is absolutely silly.
I would watch it again.
Especially for that fight scene in the bar.
Well choreographed and well shot.
Lost holds something interesting for everyone.
The nice thing about this series is that its totally new.
The difference between season 2 and 3 however was huge.
the list goes on and on.
Before Lost everything shown on TV was predictable .
I literally became addicted to it.
LOST is a classic work of art.
It gives you something to look forward to every week.
Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit will ever die.
I am totally and completely hooked.
I can not wait for the next disc to arrive at my house.
Lost is one of a kind.
I have never seen any TV series like this before.
It is full of jungle thrills and has a good screenplay.
It is an excellent piece of work narrated in a very intelligent form.
Watch it to see the magic of being lost in nowhere.
The plot got old after the first couple episodes .
and MOST OF ALL .
In the first season .
the fourth also not let pass unnoticed and tends to reveal a little mysteries .
but not as the second season but at a somewhat different .
For the fifth season expects .
They pray for rescue.
They discover a mysterious man who has a job to do.
The first series of Lost kicked off with a bang.
literally and slowly decreased in pace.
Some characters are very two dimensional.
Annoying side plots have become part of the story that sometimes tell you nothing.
All in all its a great show but not perfect.
An absolutely brilliant show.
One that made me think and think again.
Never fail to excites and I am looking forward to the new season.
Really can not wait to finally discover the secret.
Hopefully all the hype will not spoil the ending.
The story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable.
But weird oh so weird .
Just be sure you start at the beginning.
With all the people walking around on the beach.
But I was seriously amazed.
I can not wait to see the rest now.
I enjoy watching TV again.
This is where LOST differentiates itself from normal television.
This is how it is so defiant of conventional TV.
A very addictive series.
I am impressed every chapter.
Wow was I surprised.
IMO BEAT STREET is the best amongst the others.
Lost is the best TV series there is.
I believe these people are wrong.
I have confidence in the writers.
v series ever made.
v at it is best.
How ever you want to put it.
v or watch drama.
You see a major twist that can or will change everything.
Too me and many others it is this series.
The creators did a flawless job.
It simply has stunned the world when it hit t.
A instant classic before it reached out to the viewers.
All together it is a great drama and a flawless series.
so was part 2 of the pilot.
Not the polar bear.
and they all seem to be strangely connected.
The characters all feel very real and they are extremely compelling to watch.
If you are a DOG you will have your own storyline.
I have loved this movie since I first saw it in 1979.
Kurt Russell was the perfect choice for the role of Elvis.
This is definitely a role he was born to play.
It is well acted and well performed as far as the singing goes.
Not only was it a T.
It was one of the greatest impersonations that I have ever seen.
He had me believing that it was really him.
The only one to watch is the longer one.
The shorter one has more than one hour of footage edited out.
A must see for rock n roll fans.
It was quite a revelation.
then I had to cut that newly laid sod to make it look nice.
I can not say the same for Jim Belushi.
I would say watch this movie if you ever get the chance.
Michael Caine is superb as the sympathetic bartender.
Very Very underrated movie here folks.
and gets a little more than he bargained for.
This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school.
That was in 1987.
It also reminds us to be careful what we wish for.
Then one night his car breaks down again.
The film also serves notice to what a fine comedy actor James Belushi was.
Destiny is right up your street.
Nothing really inventive or new.
It was shown in a party at my school.
It will do you good.
You will be happier with what you have.
This movie changed it all for me.
He hates his life.
He is convinced his life would have been better.
Michael Caine is perfect as the bartender.
The focus of this movie is based on one event during a baseball game.
Destiny uses comedy over drama.
I give it a 7 out of 10.
Belushi at his most ingratiating and Courtney Cox before Friends has a small role.
Belushi is having a rotten 35th birthday.
He heads into an empty bar to call for a tow.
Among those greats is this little gem.
Just a few ways to describe this movie.
This movie opened my eyes in that way and in many others.
Shot in the Heart is wonderful.
Great group of actors.
Have only seen once since then and that was some time ago.
One of the first movies to portray the psychological desolation of death row.
It is also quite poignant.
I have seen this movie many times.
At least a Dozen.
Will never be able to view Nigel Hawthorne the same again.
And I loved all of them.
but in a much less violent way than the former.
making a cameo appearance.
His eyes are ruined pits.
Guess which one wins.
I have seen lots worse.
This film surprised me a little.
So if you have enough time to kill give this one a look.
But now it is mine and I can enjoy it again and again.
The film certainly is fun in the classic Full Moon style.
And the blue pantsuit was silly.
I loved this film.
you may want to look elsewhere.
Plays the role of the modern wizard to the hilt.
A good way to spend an evening.
The elements are simple yet fascinating.
Yet the story is always believable and never depressing.
Buy this one for your permanent collection.
It is a piece of American history.
That makes me laugh every time I see it.
He even has a pet raven that he keeps in his apartment named Edgar.
This is because you are so engrossed in the film.
Speaking about an emotional roller coaster.
Chances are that she will win numerous awards.
The acting was strong across the board with a very interesting international cast.
The Asian cast was also superb.
Opinion shared by my husband and a couple of other friends.
Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding.
This enrages Patrick and he hits the man and runs out of the bar.
We follow they are difficult journey through Cambodia and hope for their reunion.
Holly is one of millions of children who are sold and trafficked every day.
The movie portrays this difficult issue without crossing the line.
I also felt Ron Livingston played a very difficult role well.
Holly is a touching story about an impossible connection between two people.
The film grasped every bone in our body.
The film is beautifully shot.
I can not stop thinking about the fate of the little girl named Holly.
The content of the film was very very moving.
It was one of the best films that I have seen this year.
Everyone should go see this film.
I have to say that Holly blew Trade out of the water.
Holly is a powerful and amazing film on many different levels.
I can honestly say that I have never seen audiences more moved.
I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it.
Kudos to those who managed to get it made.
Child prostitution needs to be stopped and this is a very good first step.
I LOVED GOOD TIMES with the rest of many of you.
I love reading INTELLIGENT and INSIGHTFUL commentary.
The writers on THIS show were fantastic and the Actors were beyond TALENTED.
it was so sad to me.
I hope that this kind of ending rings true in actually for many.
your intelligent viewers are a dying breed out here and we need better material.
those were the days.
Reading all of the comments Are very exciting.
I realize that everyone refers to j.
I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home.
No one should have to hear ugly things about physical appearance.
The show started getting less interesting when Daddy James died.
OK so I watch the shows over and over.
Her verbal taunts with J.
Back in 74 Eric Monte made the classic T.
V show Good Times.
I was 3 when it came out and 8 when it ended.
Black America was a different group of people in the seventies.
So does a lot of the acting.
But I do not care.
The eldest of the children J.
The answer is this.
But I watched an episode and was really impressed.
Apart from that it was a very funny show.
Jimmie Walker as J.
We got to see them experience a few good times.
I wish they would bring the show back.
During the daytime so people can actually stay up to watch.
I do not think a movie or a new show would work.
Especially without the original cast.
These are my questions and comments.
But they do not dwell on it.
They find humor and have strong family values and morals.
They were terrific actors and had great chemistry as James and Florida Evans.
The shows began to focus more on J.
But this is a great martial arts film.
FORBIDDEN PLANET is one of the best examples of Hollywood SF films.
Its influence was felt for more than a decade.
But the only one left is Dr.
That love triangle thing.
is one of the most ambitious and intelligent movies of its genre.
A very young Leslie Nielsen stars as the spaceship commander J.
I'm guessing all these actors went straight from this movie to acting school.
We look for differences.
Ariel is a spirit.
Being filmed in color also adds to its enjoyment.
Two days before the movie premiere I went to see his concert.
but most of all it pictured LOVE.
I can not even begin to describe the soundtrack.
I can not describe it in more words.
My kinda vague description is all because the play left me speechless.
That alone is timeless.
And do not get me started about the poster.
A lot of them were crappy even back then.
The scenes with the tiger show their age now.
The machinery they left behind is still functioning.
You can not write about Forbidden Planet without commenting on Robby the Robot.
Never miss this one whenever it is broadcast.
I have loved this movie all of my life.
50 on a screenplay.
The interior of the saucer is just this side of Buck Rogers.
There are many suburban touches.
Having never seen a man she is unashamedly forward to the crew.
She is the character who makes the important change in the film.
This was the first movie where you COULDN'T.
So I had views from all kinds of directions.
There were no consequences.
How wrong I was.
Though they certainly got most of the film quite right.
The special effects are also quite arresting.
I recall feeling some measure of jealously that Dr.
It still gives me goose bumps when Commander Adams pushes Dr.
Here is where your mind was artificially enlarged.
Consciously it still lacked the power to operate the Great Machine.
But your subconscious had been made strong enough.
I first saw this movie when it originally came out.
I was about 9 yrs.
The theme of this movie is very much Good vs.
I first saw this movie with my brother when it came out originally.
I was also amazed at just how real things looked in the movie.
Advanced technology and responsibility seem go hand in hand.
if it is applied at all.
His thoughts are creating horrors that he soon will not be able to defend.
The landing party has never been of great interest to me.
The rest of the actors are pretty interchangeable.
The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star.
The film is definitely original and different.
I do not know anyone that behaves like these characters do.
The film is definitely original and different.
I do not know anyone that behaves like these characters do.
In all it is manifestations.
Two thumbs up to everybody involved.
And that is the problem with this film.
It should have been set in the era it was written in.
I will limit my commentary to Rachel Ward.
She looks like she dieted her ass completely out of existence for this role.
The performances in this movie were fantastic.
Jason Patric was perfect for this weird role that he played.
and I do not care.
I saw it a few years ago and never saw it since then.
I want to see it again and again.
I know that I'm not gonna get sick of watching it.
The movie should have lasted longer.
I think 120 minutes should have been perfect.
I was hoping for a part 2 for this movie.
Jason Patrick and Rachel Ward give possibly the best performances of their careers.
The story itself is also interesting.
Again another failed attempt of originality.
15 year old teens may appreciate it though.
It is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this.
You have to commit yourself to this film.
You can not have a conversation while running in and out of the room.
This movie demands your attention.
and I do not like depressing movies normally.
What I found was a kind of quirky crime film.
Take a look and see if you agree.
After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a party.
I LOVED the music it is just great.
Superb use of music.
so hard to shoot.
Throughout the movie there walks a man who has something to do with wind.
I guess most agree on that.
and of course very usual things.
tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did.
the music is great and your eyes will be equally satisfied.
in between the lines it is happening.
This movie blows you off your feet.
Anarchy rules over a logical and common strain of thoughts.
The story behind this movie just goes any which way the wind blows.
In that light some might be disappointed.
I will give it 8 out 10.
Barman just wanted to make a movie because he wanted to.
This gives the movie a very relaxing feel to it.
Barman is very successful in telling those little stories that describe little experiences.
All in all a beautiful sunny movie which lifts the Belgian cinema up.
The screenplay is great stuff.
Camera angles and colors are very well chosen.
The palette of colors is particularly impressive.
The acting in the film is great too.
I could really get into this melodrama stuff.
He drinks and sleeps around with women.
She drinks and sleeps around with men.
She steals every scene she is in.
Robert Stack falls in love with Lauren Bacall.
Good epic soap opera.
which I can not contradict using any moral or society rules.
You feel the connection.
And no moment I though this is immoral.
You even hope it will not break in the end.
it can not break.
it is not right.
You feel the pain of being hart broken in the end.
You feel only a tension between them.
a fight between the need for love and desire to break this relation.
This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment.
And he did turn out a fabulous performance as the whimpering alcoholic.
Then there was silence.
Both of these ends were achieved in Written on the Wind.
In other words the James Dean part without the James Dean racism from Giant.
Kyle Hadley has it all.
Mitch is not from a wealthy home.
Kyle sleeps with a gun under his pillow.
Her Oscar was well deserved.
Written on the Wind is no exception.
I was most impressed with Malone.
They play their more sympathetic roles with quiet authority and understanding.
Well worth watching with some interesting performances from the entire cast.
Its a crime that he did not.
Amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character.
to begin with the second aspect.
as for the first.
i think that those kind of relationships carry much more tension.
i could feel the absence of a better soundtrack.
not enough sensuality in the key moments.
mostly for the story.
Rock Hudson is efficient but vapid .
The plot has very interesting ingredients.
For me this is not enough.
Nobody ever did it better.
They get married and travel to Acapulco and the insecure Kyle stops drinking.
My vote is seven.
Thank you to Mr.
The fact is this movie was shot entirely inside a studio.
Most of the decor is phony.
That would probably be the easy explanation of what comes across the screen.
Another in the they do not make em like that category.
They counterbalance the somewhat bland leads.
An ancient morality tale.
He marries her and is so happy he stops drinking.
Basically this is a soap opera with grade A production values.
You just see reflections.
One ends up giving up.
Nobody can say that the Hadley are real people.
Written on the wind is a good example.
In fact they worked just great.
I absolutely agree and I'm sure the parallel is not incidental.
This detail is can not be a coincidence.
Some say that this is his best film.
I saw this film at the Chicago Reeling film festival.
Mitch wants nothing to do with her.
the photography was beautiful but i had difficulty understanding what was happening.
it was difficult to know which scenes were imaginary and which were real.
The move felt chaotic and disjointed.
I do not know what the pang brothers were hoping to achieve.
Maybe if I were Thai it would make more sense.
A young girl surviving as a prostitute.
A cheap hustler who wants to get the big score.
They meet each other in Thailand.
And it captures the city as the cage of this imperfect persons.
There is also a good use of the music to dot the actions.
It spoke to me.
What we see is a slice in the life of the young woman Ruby.
Ruby is starting to live on her own and establishing her own identity.
The later movie is a slice of the daily life of a common man.
The only thing I am not sure about is the title.
I turn into a complete red boil.
Indeed the sand is very white.
I have been there.
Paradise did not come easy.
I love Ashley Judd and think all of her movies are great.
She balances out the melancholy tone of the film with an iridescent energy.
I would like to see more of her.
I do not think I will ever forget it.
It may appear slow for thrill seekers though.
Cool movie for a calm night.
Not many false notes in this one.
Just a fine film.
Ashley Judd is really quite amazing in this movie.
I think the title especially put me off.
The bad thing about this movie is that it seems to end so quickly.
I could have kept watching for hours.
She is so perfect in this movie.
This film is easily in my top ten favorites of all time.
This will be a different kind of review.
The plot speaks less to me than the surroundings.
The ultimate message is that we are responsible for ourselves.
evil along the way.
So buy a copy for yourself.
I can not begin to describe how amazing this movie is.
Recommended for anyone who enjoys a thoughtful lull of a movie.
Rated 8 out of 10.
The bitter and hopeless end of the story is also very realistic.
My vote is ten.
The film begins with Vincent Price about to begin his performance as a magician.
One thing you can not say about this film is that it is dull.
I first saw this film when i was about 13.
It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now.
But i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now.
I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984.
It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty.
There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.
i very much enjoyed this film and strongly recommend this to people.
I keep watching this movie over and over and over.
I have to watch it at least once a week.
I wish he was my own brother.
What a thrilling situation.
I was too upset at knowing the truth.
That is the hallmark of a great film.
Of course he has achieved it.
Unless you happen to support apartheid.
This is a film that everyone should watch.
John Thaw also puts in a good turn as the Chief of Police.
I think the weighted average for this film is too low.
I give it a 7.
My wife says it passes the Danielle Steele test.
This is movie from which we all can learn something.
So do not expect this way to be realistic and true.
It could not be.
A remake is necessary.
This is an absolutely incredible film.
It is the best historic film I have ever seen.
The story is based on real life characters and events.
I can not imagine a better choice for the role.
The scene between Biko and the lawyer in the courtroom is an example.
This is definitely a must watch.
There are movies which make a lot of money.
And there are movies which make lives.
I would any day prefer the latter.
What a brilliant film.
But neither of these pointers are flaws in any way.
Cry Freedom visually looks amazing.
The opening scenes especially were brilliantly shot.
And there are parts that are genuinely suspenseful as well.
I first saw this film the year of it is release around 1987.
I think it served it is purpose in my case.
But Cry Freedom held my interest like few movies have in recent times.
But through the efforts of Woods the truth comes out.
This movie has an interesting structure.
Kevin Kline gives a great performance in this second half too.
The last minutes were so heartbreaking I was in tears.
This is a movie to be cherished in its entirety.
The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants to this film.
His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
But cinemas showing the movie received bomb threats.
What is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras.
Thousands of people in both films.
8 out of 10.
Biko died for nothing much.
Washington was also was nominated for best supporting actor for the first time.
I urge you to watch this.
Why freedom of the press and freedom of speech are essential to democracy.
This is definitely one of my favorite films of all time.
She loses her love and her friends in one foul swoop.
In the end a unexpected surprise pulls them back together.
I finally got my wish to see this one in a cinema.
I would been hoping that ideal screening conditions would work their magic.
Wagner had adapted the 13th c.
This film remains earthbound.
Most of the film is spectacular.
Battles that never seem to end in fact.
She manages to destroy all around her.
I just see the film as misogynistic.
He is much more formidable.
All he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem.
He refuses and she herself decapitates her brother.
The climactic slaughter is the very antithesis of a rousing battle scene.
Why then did Hitler and co.
She asks him to invite her brothers to come to his kingdom.
My vote is eight.
even more so after discovering that NO ENDING WAS FILMED.
I can not believe that they took this off the air.
We were so upset when they stopped showing this because of so called ratings.
We had a right to see the end.
This could also help promote a new show.
People would see it and wonder what it is.
We want to see the other episodes.
I have one query though that I would like to raise.
Character building takes some time.
Relax about art form.
Beetle sneaking off for a good time.
He goes to a bawdy club while his wife supposedly waits at home.
Beetle is also carrying on with a bohemian grasshopper painter.
Weird but also very amazing and watchable.
In this movie he tells a simple tale of hypocrisy and revenge.
Beetle returns home and finds Mrs.
Beetle having her own affair.
Beetle chases the lover away but forgives his wife.
The two make up and go out to the movies.
And the movie they watch is Mr.
Beetle and the Dragonfly.
For that reason he must not remain forgotten.
This short is a puzzlement.
I think my Mum would like it.
She is the only one who understands him.
The devious grasshopper follows Mr.
Beetle returns home and witnesses the entire spectacle.
Beetle first venting his anger and frustration upon him.
He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie.
Beetle sought his final revenge.
The story builds as Mr.
Beetle and the dragonfly together.
In the Russian version Mr.
This film has special effects which for it is time are very impressive.
One can see why Pickford wanted to redo this one.
This is certainly among her better films.
Mary Pickford often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie role.
Needless to say her portrayal of this role here is most winning.
He has also drawn brilliantly natural performances from all his players.
This is a very moving scene indeed because it is so realistically presented.
A poorly made or uninteresting silent movie is unwatchable.
The themes would have rung true and deep at the time.
This is a special type of touching humor that should not be underestimated.
Chaplin used this device often and copied some of from Pickford.
characteristics that often were used throughout a single film in the past.
The film excels in some ways.
The very final scene is also pretty cute.
They were such a cute couple.
The ending was so sad.
If you liked this movie you should watch prime.
I had never seen a movie with Mary Pickford in it.
I have seen thousands of movies.
Very few are hypnotic to me.
I had no idea what I was in for.
You would have to see her again and again.
The setting was perfect for a girl that expressive.
This was actually the second time Pickford filmed TESS.
The end result certainly lived up to her expectations.
Both films were very popular at the box office.
She is even willing to take a bath.
Tess must face numerous physical and emotional challenges.
She does so with spunk not seen in many heroines of the time.
Tess packs a wallop and is not shy about fighting with anyone.
Plus the bomb blast scene is very real.
This movie is quite adult in nature.
Not a movie that can be seen with family.
She is likely to be noticed for this role.
She does selective roles but shines in them.
This was all okay for me.
Page 3 is a great movie.
The story is so refreshing and interesting.
Not once throughout the movie did i find myself staring off into space.
All the supporting actors were also very good and helped the movie along.
This film was great.
One of the most charming actresses I have ever seen.
And for about half hour through the film you feel just about the same.
Just the reason why I love watching films.
Her reaction has resulted in losing the job.
At the end she is back to Page 3.
The movie has a message and it is crude.
The audience needs to get it in their own color.
The theme and the screenplay was fantastic.
There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the audiences.
The dialogs are strong and the actors are really good at delivering it.
The set selections could have been better.
There were a few flaws visible.
There could have been a better dialog as this sounds like a preach.
That scene looks very unprofessional.
That may spoil your mood.
a year later maybe.
I would recommend all to see the movie.
Even she is fired from the job.
I would really congratulate the director for making such a great movie.
Please do not afford to miss it.
It leaves a lasting impression in the end.
There are still some scenes that make you think of more depths.
Should he say something so decisive.
I wish i can say more but there would be more spoilers ahead.
This is what saves the film for me.
Otherwise the soundtrack is bad.
I did not watch his other movies.
They came and went.
The page 3 phenomenon is as deplorable as it is enigmatic.
He is concerned only with the mechanisms of this grotesque existence.
But the contexts in which they are used do not make them look rushed.
This film is fun.
Powell shows again that she is the greatest film dancer ever.
I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time.
It was just really touching.
Although not a new concept this was a very well made film.
Her most winning film appearance.
Powell on the ship that is bringing them to Puerto Rico.
this was the best besides Number 1.
The best of the best.
I think it is the greatest horror series ever.
Freddy has a lot of screen time.
The nightmare scenes are all great.
If your a hard core Freddy fan then you might not like it.
This seems to be a spoof of the nightmare series.
Not much to see here.
The only reason it holds it self up is the back story on Freddy.
The one thing that is always great in Nightmare movies are the death scenes.
But the death scenes were very crappy in this.
A Nightmare on Elm Street.
This is were Freddy is fully explained but thats all there is.
Next on my list Wes Cravens New Nightmare.
i hope i got the number correctly.
i like all the Freddy movies.
that Freddy is such a cut up.
8 out of 10.
Only the mad inhabit the town and the survivors are scattered everywhere.
But this time he finds out a little more about his old life.
A fitting way to end the franchise.
I have to recommend this movie for Freddy fans.
While Freddy knows the true secret of her true identity.
From a story by the director.
I guess I'm part of the silent minority who enjoyed this film.
The cast is superb.
Lisa Zane is perfectly cast in the lead.
And finding the perfect conclusion is easier said than done.
I have been to Australia and they real do talk like this.
com and hear the extended theme music.
This is an EXCELLENT example of early Bette Davis talent.
I would buy it immediately.
But the movie turned out to be a delightful and original surprise.
Unfortunately they were largely right in this instance.
The film just has an awkward feel too it that is most off putting.
The immensely talented Thurman just drifts through this mess creating barely an impact.
This was an excellent film.
I do not understand why so many people do not like it.
Far from the worst ever this movie was glorious.
Long live the whooping crane.
As I'm sure most are just unearthing the film now.
Not to mention the soundtrack is extraordinary perfectly capturing those crucial moments.
And again to cover that one up.
And the romance between Sissy and Jellybean seems very sweet.
You can not be serious.
Maybe it is all about what you expect a movie to do to you.
Maybe it is all about what expectations you have.
Her lighthearted take on the world around us is comical and beautiful.
In a way it is a slacker movie for girls.
i saw this movie the first seconds the voice of T.
both of us fans of T.
much too short though.
The actors and the direction of this film are both good.
would receive a better reception today than it did when it was originally released.
It has some really funny parts.
I truly am a fan.
This is what I believe happened here.
Some pieces of this work were really memorable.
Actually I would love to be part of it.
This has to be the all time best computer animation classic.
Even though most of the animations where experiments.
They have an artistic quality that has stood the test of time.
Some of the techniques used in this video have never been full explored.
I probably saw this movie first in about 1995.
Since then I have returned to it many times.
It was probably the first collaboration of different CG experiments set to music.
I thought it was good and quite interesting in spots.
All of it is computer animated which was new back then.
But they probably will not.
What this film is is a thoughtful and unabashed look at religious faith.
It is a simple story that unfolds simply.
I loved this movie.
In fact I loved being an actress in this movie.
Thumbs up to Full Moon High.
Wish it come to cable soon.
In fact I loved being an actress in this movie.
Thumbs up to Full Moon High.
Wish it come to cable soon.
Also starring Elizabeth Hartman.
The casting was excellent.
It all culminates during the schools big football game.
you will be busy.
Tony is in fact bitten and his life would be forever changed.
a task he abandoned long ago.
The film is loaded with inspired casting choices.
just littered with funny characters and the cast interpretations.
and I'm not talking face.
The cast makes this worthwhile.
The film looks cheap on the typical Larry Cohen budget.
Loved Adam in the lead.
I liked this horror comedy more than most it seems.
And it is worth seeing just for Ed McMahon as a right wing kook.
So I decided to check it out and I was surprised.
I'm a guy from New Jersey and these shows and movies suck to me.
They do not peak my interest.
But a funny thing happens on the way to the morgue.
But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad films.
Cheapness has its charms.
In truly cheap films actors wear their own clothes amid real settings.
Lines seem more improvised than scripted.
The result is promising if not exactly exhilarating.
Everything they did was so damn original.
One of the coolest scenes was a half eaten cat.
It looked so damn real my daughter cried when she saw it.
I'm glad I listened.
I will be honest.
I got this movie so I could make fun of it.
I would love to see what they do next.
I thought it was a cool little movie.
I just had fun with it.
Thumbs up from me and I would also like to see a sequel.
When I watch a low budget film I know what to expect.
the list goes on and on.
I do not want to say all the acting was bad.
Raul Martinez is a natural.
Not sold on Carl Washington yet.
I liked this movie.
I gave it an 8.
I wanted to see what was gonna happen next.
The title really captures immediate interest in the more urban markets.
Usually how it goes with all movies.
There is no need to get testy with others though.
All we are doing here is giving opinions.
I was surprised by how many people are thrashing it though.
I'm a horror movie fan.
So many low budget cam corder looking movies are coming out these days.
I really liked this one.
I knew what I was getting when I watched this movie.
He dreams of moving out of Oakland.
But please do not come and tell us that you find them laughable.
We already know it.
This is most probably why we decided to watch the movie in first place.
on some really bad drugs.
How nice to have a movie the entire family can watch together.
Recommended as a feel good movie for all ages.
I really truly enjoyed this movie.
it is a hidden gem that should have done TONNES of box office.
Her search leads her to a villa populated by a group of eccentric individuals.
The cast is really rather good.
One of the defining features of Eye in the Labyrinth is its music.
It certainly deserves the treatment.
i love this TV series so much.
it contains animation that is interesting and beautiful.
IF u have never watched it before u should totally download it.
It was the best TV show in the world.
but I'm glad i got to watch the 13 episodes.
I am a fan of animal movies.
Homeward Bound did just this.
It was a complete success.
It is very much an archetypal movie.
These three personalities bounce off of each other very well.
Fox and Sally Fields.
Sassy the cat is female with a rather prim and proper personality.
This is a very enjoyable family film.
I was very surprised how much I enjoyed this film.
This is a really nice and sweet movie that the entire family can enjoy.
The cat is named Sassy and she lives up to her name.
Shadow is the older and wiser dog who senses things.
This is one of my favorite family movies.
Definitely recommended for a good old family movie night.
This movie got a sequel three years later.
Fox has some youthful energy he brings to the role.
Sally Field does great voice work as Sassy.
Also the visible actors are great.
Jean Smart portrays Kate.
We see Sassy taken by the river and she seems like a goner.
The bear scene is exiting and funny.
And his meeting with the porcupine looks painful.
This is some great fun for the whole family.
Definitely perfect for an evening alone or with the kids.
Hats off to Disney.
It reminded me of my childhood dog.
It also shows an animals survival instinct and tracking abilities.
Put humans in the same position ant the helicopters would be out.
Could You please help me and tell me where i can buy it from.
It is a great movie for the whole family.
i really liked the film.
at ending i was in tears.
this film is incredible.
go watch the movie.
you will enjoy it.
i could have given it ranking more than 10.
i liked the teasing between chance and sassy.
i like the leadership of shadow.
overall this movie was perfect.
its sequel is good but not good as this movie.
i think there should be a third sequel to it.
not only this film attracts children but also adults.
my whole family enjoyed this film.
Chance was full of humor.
sassy is an intelligent cat.
again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST WATCH.
the more u see this movie the more you are attached with this movie.
this movie is a classic.
Shadow was my favorite character in the movie.
Details of the case were right on.
no deviations of dramatic effect.
This means it is more than just a movie about pets.
This movie does not lack qualities.
Veronica Lauren is equally good as Hope.
Chance just can not stand still.
Its sequel is clearly inferior.
This should definitely be on Top 250.
This one crosses that border with flying colors.
The film certainly invites comparisons to its 1963 counterpart.
This update is more epic and cinematic.
There is virtually nothing offensive in the film.
Homeward bound is not just a typical animal movie.
A very good effort.
I highly recommend it to people of all ages and especially to animal lovers.
This movie was awesome.
this is because i think that he is the most interesting and charming.
As a kid I thought this movie was great.
Even when people hum it.
A truly incredible journey.
This is definitely one of the greatest Disney movies ever made.
The film gives an overwhelming sense of joy that you never really expect.
The way the personalities of the characters is chosen is truly fantastic.
Homeward Bound is a beautiful film.
I think it is a waste of money that he is still alive.
This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 favorites.
The voices for the animals are wonderful.
Sally Field and Michael J.
This is a great movie for all ages.
Its the story about three animals how have to find their way home.
You never know what is going to happen next.
This movie makes you cry and makes you laugh.
You just do not know what going to happen next.
The trek home is all beautiful with all the wonderful wildlife scenes.
I watch this movie all the time.
They are so effortless and simple but still so fascinating.
I have no idea why this documentary works.
He came back 6 years later to see what had changed.
The Up series are about people.
And the change is great.
1985 is the Reagan era and the farmers are suffering.
This documentary is quite relevant today.
Our financial crises today started because of what was happening then.
And particularly a democracy that.
I do not know what would the Mexicans think when they watch this.
There are so many emotions thrown into this film.
From start to finish this film is immensely captivating.
Washington as always puts on a great performance.
Everything is portrayed brilliantly .
The film would of course be nothing without Washington.
I wish I would got the chance to see this on the big screen.
You are missing out one of the saddest yet complicated murder of all.
While the actress who plays Ms.
His other mistress is definitely more attractive than the actual woman.
It would be better with actual Delaware and Philadelphia locations.
These bits of information might be overlooked by any other executive producer or director.
Ann Rule is a fascinating storyteller of true crime.
He was brilliant then and now.
He does an above average job with an amazing story.
then one day she gets kidnapped.
But the strongest part of the movie.
And that is not the end of the list.
not just a revenge movie.
and is pure beautiful.
My vote is ten.
I am amazed that movies like this can still be made.
a Man on Fire.
You must see this movie.
And even maybe the visual effects which were of very high quality.
These guys just have it.
Apparently the kidnapping business in Mexico is so vibrant that these paid former S.
s and such can do very well while providing a needed service.
But Fanning is nothing short of remarkable in the role.
Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them.
He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family.
But not in this film.
There is nothing gimmicky about his brand of justice.
He needs information and someone loses a finger.
Man on Fire is one the five best films of 2004.
Dakota Fanning is an amazing young actress.
I would have loved to see more of both of them.
The authentic locations are remarkable.
The camera work is interesting and different.
I highly recommend this movie.
Man on Fire was hot.
His death was noble in fact.
This movie deserves good marks because it definitely was a good movie.
I cried numerous times but believe me it was not over sappiness.
Man On Fire was one of those movies.
It is like none other.
drama and action combined to create something amazingly spectacular.
I have watched it several times now.
This excellent drama had me in suspense the whole time.
The cast was also very good.
The only bad cast member was the actress who played Anne Marie.
A little too late for that if you ask me.
Based on the novel by A.
But it is Washington and the delightful Ms.
Fanning who steal the show.
i liked this film a lot.
i would thoroughly recommend this movie to anyone.
I loved this movie.
I'm a Mexican and was in the least offended by it.
A bodyguard turned vengeful vigilante.
MAN ON FIRE is a gripping film that you can not miss.
Some of the editing is a bit fuzzy.
His performance is nothing short of Excellent.
It is a must watch for anyone.
this proves it once again.
You will not be disappointed.
She was excellent in the show.
This show appeared briefly in the summer of 1999 but then disappeared.
You are loved and respected.
just do not miss it.
Certainly one of the finest movies I have seen for quite some time.
Exquisite direction and flawless acting make this a very entertaining and often moving film.
I will say that it is so Australian.
This movie is great entertainment to watch with the wife or girlfriend.
There are laughs galore and some very interesting little nudist stories going on here.
The actresses are all very interesting and definitely worth watching in their natural beauty.
Simon is just bored with it all.
I would think that this character is the main comic element.
It is a great mission.
It should run well on even a modestly specified PC.
Stick with the story it gets better and better as it goes on.
This section took me a while to beat.
It adds variety to the game.
The game has an active mod scene on the Net.
Pick up some mods to extend the game.
It is quite obvious that they are hinting at a upcoming sequel.
The graphics are good but just not anything revolutionary or anything.
Addictive game but beware of its flaws.
And watching it again brought a nostalgic lump to the throat.
So you would hear the original voices and language.
Even the bad copies around are still enjoyable to watch.
I can not even form an accurate estimate at this point.
Millions had had their magical day in 1977 and 1980.
And this was my Star Wars movie.
I previously thought that this film was the lamest of the Muppet films.
I would like now to retract that statement.
The songs will remain in my head forever.
My absolute favorite is the play at the end.
I was surprised that the Sesame Street characters popped in at the wedding.
I'm just glad this movie was very entertaining.
It rates a 7.
I happened to have enjoyed it greatly.
Fun to watch with your kids.
This is one smart and funny movie for kids and parents alike.
Another great Muppet flick.
I love the characters and cameos.
It sounded more like a song that is played at a funeral.
Maybe it will someday.
It is the funniest Muppet movie and is sure to be enjoyed by all.
This film makes me feel like a kid again.
You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch.
I honestly do not remember if I liked it at the time or not.
these and plenty of other moments in the film had me rolling.
but this one deserves it.
i love this film.
the songs and story lines are great fun.
great voices and great talent.
When I saw it for the first time I was really impressed.
the main point was not conflict but.
I am sure people wont regret and will really have a good time.
I am also curious of the rifle itself.
Beckett mentioned that he thought it was the best sniper rifle ever made.
I would like to know which rifle that is also.
I know that this particular rifle was made around WWII or beforehand.
I found out his name from my friend who is a former Marine.
Any information would be great.
I know I know it was a good ending but sincerely it was awesome.
The cinematography of this film is impressive.
The movie was a direct hit.
Rating 4 out of 5 stars.
Zane and Beringer will keep you on the edge of your seats.
The ending through me a little though.
Here he plays a sniper in the jungle going after rebels and drug lords.
Pretty close to the real thing.
its about enjoying the sniper lifestyle and action.
the plain of dealing with all of the death.
Must see for sniper fans.
Sniper gives a true new meaning to war movies.
This will be somewhat short.
Which shows just how deadly and effective a trained military sniper really is.
We see earlier in the movie Sgt.
For it shows step by step how Sgt.
I have heard people who say this movie is dull dull dull.
I do not think they were watching the right movie.
But it goes deeper than that.
I became such a fan girl all over again.
They have so little in common.
Well worth your time.
Overall I would have to say that I liked the movie.
Some of the fight scenes are really good.
Talk about bad taste.
5 out of 10 Stars.
The lightning of the lethal bolts reflected on his Black helmet.
The most agile fat guy in martial arts does it again.
Highly recommended for a good mood.
Some have told me that they loathe his work.
He usually has serious difficulties with little things like record players or radios.
The funniest bit of this movie was purely unintentional.
It was like watching a fat Bruce Lee.
Excellent fight scenes and a lot of laughs.
Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a film.
Not a single shot of a city or even a fake skyline.
His every movement seems to go a little farther than it was intended to.
It would have been better off with no score at all.
John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels.
With such performances are Oscars won.
They watched and found anecdotal and thematic interest there.
Think about it for a minute or two.
Even though he was wanted for murder and an enemy of the British Empire.
What a truly remarkable movie.
This is one dated movie.
We are just different.
Now go watch the movie.
The conflict of individuality and the cause is what makes THE INFORMER tick.
Two different signs become the psychological centerpiece for the drunken Irishman.
He shoves a lot.
He knocks people out.
He is a brute who knows no better.
See the film to find out the gritty details.
the best Star Wars ever.
also love the Bob feat figure a do hes a back ground player.
No split involved in his award.
John Ford knew this world very well.
Preston Foster plays the IRA commandant Dan Gallagher.
The IRA trial scene is the highlight of the film.
A very good film well worth watching.
It deserves a 12.
The acting is remarkable.
Every other performer in the film deserves his or her kudos.
I love the darker side of Ford.
I have decided to not believe what famous movie critics say.
It got me thinking.
What a false world this is.
What do you do when your most loved ones deceive you.
Same way some people are such that they are never grateful.
A brother dies inadvertently at the hands of a gangster.
The surviving brother decides to take revenge.
Nothing is real and no one is loyal to anyone.
The new actor Aryan gave a good performance.
His movies always give some message to the audience.
He has a family in India.
Kidnapping of his family is also seemed vague.
A movie made for contemporary audience.
The masses get to see what they want to see.
I had to fast forward quite a number of scenes.
The songs are catchy.
It emphasizes on the idea of karma.
It gives a powerful message of family.
Am surprised there has not been much hype around release.
Return of the Jedi is my favorite of the Original Trilogy.
The kid who played Aryan was probably over his head with this cast.
There I think maybe the director could have done better.
I'm sure she sailed right over the heads of most of the audience.
The drawings were just amazing.
Too bad it ended before it begun.
I am currently hunting for a copy to purchase.
There are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl.
perhaps my mother kept me away from it.
I thought the story followed the book fairly well in a loose sense.
That would have made it the ultimate movie.
It might have garnered a higher vote from me.
I give it a 7.
in my opinion i thought it was EXTREMELY long.
I'm inclined to be in the middle.
and being very impressed.
I have to confess to a certain bias here.
I was for the most part satisfied by the drawings of the characters.
This film is novel for its animation techniques.
The voice acting was generally of high quality.
Some of those are so good that they can bring tears to your eyes.
9 out of 10.
The whole cast is too run of the mill.
And those are stylish slow motion kills.
And that is because of some key visuals.
It captured my imagination.
The quality of animation leaves room for complaint.
John Hurt is great in this.
His voice is extraordinary.
We see his decline as the weight of his burden increases.
This is a very beautiful film.
The film has a great score that completely supports the movie.
but instead of destroying it he foolishly chooses to keep it.
This version covers just over half of the original book.
A very good movie.
This movie offers a greater number of aliens.
We see the Rebel Alliance leaders and much of the Imperial forces.
The Emperor is somewhat an original character.
It gives a sadness and a tear.
I felt there was much more than meets the eye.
If it were not for Mr.
No it is not live action.
The voice actors are wonderful.
Wells was profound and brought subtext to his tales .
THINGS TO COME was adapted by Wells himself from his own novel .
In short this is a film whose flaws are easy to forgive.
Things to Come is an historic film.
It is also one of the first doomsday movies.
it was and remains far ahead of its time.
Wells made that choice.
he sweeps his hand over the night sky.
This is an amazing movie from 1936.
SYNOPSIS The future as seen from 1939 England.
CONCEPT IN RELATION TO THE VIEWER Beware your leaders and what you are told.
Thinking outside the box can lead to a brighter tomorrow.
This is a fascinating work on numerous levels.
This vision of the future is both terrifying and whimsical.
This film was cutting edge for its day.
The special effects are very good as is the story line.
The ending of the film leaves the viewer a bit perplexed.
Many great British actors are in this film as young men.
The realization of the modern machinery is very effective.
and it is very clear compared to my VHS version.
It gave details of why some things happened.
Swept flying wing planes.
Strong rolls for the women through the entire movie.
very well made science fiction tale about a war that lasts for decades.
this film was ahead of its time.
this movie has nothing to do with the original.
wells like Jules Verne had a vision for the future with his stories.
a classic science fiction movie.
10 out of 10.
This is probably the best of all of the Star Wars movies.
Amazing effects for a movie of this time.
Watch it in one sitting and you will be propelled.
I would like to see how others react to this movie.
Tell us what you think.
Things to Come and Metropolis were the hallmarks of neolithic Hollywood science fiction cinema.
Inspiring like that final monologue by John Cabal.
If scientists behaved in a way that H.
Wells got it wrong both in time and in development.
He apparently never envisioned the computer as well as atomic power.
I personally loved it and think it excellently captures the zeitgeist of modernity.
It also seems implausible about the inevitability of progress.
But for MAN no rest and no ending.
The weaker were the mass of humanity and the stronger were the minority elite.
That was not Hitler.
Wells and that was not after the first world war.
That was more than ten years before.
Wells was able to imagine humanity being completely white by 2036.
And that was produced in 1936.
This vision is at least just as much frightening as the three others.
It would be unfair to go beyond.
I first saw this film 40 years ago on N.
Wells sees restriction of private freedoms as a good thing.
The very best acting performance is that of Ralph Richardson as the Boss.
When I think of Return of the Jedi I think epic.
Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies.
Rogers compared to him .
The best part was of course the special effects.
You can break it up into about 4 different scenes or parts.
The plot is lacking something that I can not put my finger on.
I never saw this movie until I bought the tape last year.
I was enthralled and entertained.
The things that caught my attention from the beginning were the initial credits.
That imagery is very effecting.
This war does not end.
The poison gas of the aerial wars segues into the second act.
It is another dark age.
Into this lands a futuristic plane that heralds the future.
That future is the third act.
The explanatory titles are strongly reminiscent of German Expressionist graphic design.
This is particularly galling since the scenes of the giant aircraft are very convincing.
I first saw this as a child living in East London.
I remember having nightmares after seeing it.
It was interesting to see how space travel was perceived back then.
The means of war as a catalyst for development.
How he missed out on an Oscar is a mystery.
The Apprentice as much as the Master.
The Victim as much as the Villain.
So in conclusion what can I say.
George Lucas is the master of the Saga.
Just a note to add to the above comment.
Now we have hats.
is just as good as the original.
Surprising anyone who saw it back in the mid nineties.
These guys are real and slightly diverse.
They react to situations like any of us might.
I was laughing almost continuously from start to finish.
Luke comes as a Jedi knight to rescue his friends.
It is now one of my favorite movies of all time.
Thank You Rusty for giving us something to laugh at.
It is no wonder why both movies have such a huge cult following.
I was blown away.
I was on the floor laughing my butt off this movie is so great.
I can not stop saying how much I loved this movie.
Following the group is documentary maker Nina Blackburn.
In the movie he plays rapper Ice Cold.
has some sort of natural chemistry to them.
I like this movie because it is offensive.
There is something here to offend everyone in a good natured way.
The movie has line after line that will have you rolling on the floor.
As I said before the writing is just excellent.
I am not surprised that this movie met such limited release.
The actors are incredible and the documentary style is superb.
Yet it is hilarious.
The characters are all very funny and believable.
I watched just because it made me laugh at 3 a.
This movie comes from a time where rappers deserved more credit.
This is highly recommend for any fan of This is Spinal Tap.
They are an up and coming rap group whose politics makes them controversial.
And the songs are off the hook also.
The cast is talented and does at great job becoming the characters portrayed.
The songs are too funny to be believed.
you are probably not familiar with the original story of rap group N.
this story was somewhat based on that.
So I filed it away that I should see this movie.
Its a shame not many people have heard of this gem of a film.
Its a shame this film is not in the Top 250.
This Movie is a Pure Pleasure.
Either you will Completely Love it or You Will Totally Hate It.
This makes for a much less textured film.
Another aspect is its lack of originality.
It just feels like lazy construction.
Fisher for her part is visibly high in some scenes.
The space battles towards the end are very impressive.
Ultimately this film coasts to success based on the accomplishments of its forebears.
the Dentist has the best bloody revenge in it that I have ever seen.
is damn good acting.
A nice solid cast of supporting actors round out this gem of a film.
An enjoyably warped treat.
I give it an 8.
The plot is twisted.
And you do not want to come to his path.
He was actually great in his role and he was kind of sad person.
The crazy dentist tortures people in horrific ways.
Quite realistic at times but some of the acting is abysmal and comical.
In some scenes there is dental torture that will really make you cringe.
The Dentist starts on the morning of Dr.
On the surface Mr.
This is a gory mess and pretty convincing.
Star Wars is more than a movie.
it is an idea.
The Dentist is actually a really good film.
Corbin makes a great creepy dentist.
It does to dentists what Jaws does to sharks.
I will not spoil what happens.
And the tension drops a little bit during the very end.
The brilliance of this movie is that even a competent dentist is pretty scary.
I love this movie.
And I have always had a love for medical horror.
This movie gives me the creeps and even makes me cringe.
That is what I love about this film.
The movie is kind of boring.
I would recommend it if you are into gore.
I give this film 7 stars out of 10.
The Dentist is a really good thriller.
You can take that as a recommendation to itself.
This film came right on time actually.
The rest of the cast does good work too.
You will be disgusted.
Too bad this film was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel.
My humble opinion on the Dentist .
Horror is often most effective when it uses real life unpleasantness as a theme.
Those in the profession have some genuinely intimidating looking instruments.
Brooke and the I.
agent figure in particularly effective torture scenes.
The makeup effects are for the most part quite good.
For me the pacing of the movie was just right.
His name was not even mentioned anywhere in the movie.
The only thing they had was their blasters.
But I can not know for sure.
I believe that the results on these polls are appalling and quite misleading.
this is an entertaining movie.
how scary is that.
Until he catches his wife cheating on him with the pool cleaner.
He has a beautiful wife and a huge house with a pool.
He starts to torture his patients.
It tells the story of Dr.
We witness how he goes from respected professional to psycho murder in a day.
This gem for gore lovers is extremely underrated.
A full exploitation of the almost universal fear of dentists and flawlessly shot.
Only for the connoisseurs.
Needless to say it was a good solid Doctor Who story.
Might be a tad too intense for the younger viewers though.
10 out of 10.
We also witness a tremendous triple battle at the end.
I loved every minute of this.
Sandra Locke is as cold in this film as she is beautiful.
Sudden Impact is the best of the five Dirty Harry movies.
Which is just the way I like it.
Great story too and ably directed by Clint himself.
Sudden Impact brings a new meaning and more darker tone to Dirty Harry.
The rebel heroes regroup with the Rebel Fleet.
Filled with a deep timeless story of good vs.
I know that Walter Brennan had died.
This show had value and morals each show gave a lesson to be learned.
The movie has nothing that goes away from he central plot.
The first 15 or 20 minutes are quite spectacular.
Eastwood makes great use of the juxtaposition of faces.
The only thing that is really annoying is the farting dog.
Sondra Locke is perfect in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge.
The pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable.
As more bodies start to appear with the same M.
44 magnum heroics to satisfy the Harry loyalists.
Instead we get the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros.
Sudden Impact was overall better than The Enforcer in my opinion.
Sudden Impact was different than the previous installments.
Michael Currie is decent as Lt.
Now for the really bad part.
And Paul Drake was just horrible as Mick.
The film is extremely gritty and graphically violent.
Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever.
Not afraid to make use of his 44.
Sudden Impact is a two pronged story.
Now the second part of the story.
This is Harry Callahan Trouble follows him.
Go Ahead Make your day.
It seemed to come off.
These people are truly an ugly bunch of saps.
It builds masterfully to its climax and pulls punches all the while.
Sudden Impact is indeed enjoyable entertainment.
The performances across the board were compelling.
This was the only sequel in the dirty Harry saga that equaled the first.
What we have here is an action movie with a point of view.
This makes the story more interesting than the usual Dirty Harry fare.
And it is certainly never dull.
2 out of 10.
This is a very sophomoric film that appeals to our base instincts.
This time Harry attempts to solve a series of murders while on vacation.
employed by the perpetrator.
Pierce and Earl E.
Also effective is Audrie J.
I had never seen a film like this before.
Certainly the interaction is amazing in its power to influence the viewer.
Then begins a cat and mouse play .
One of the sisters is in a wheelchair .
Turn off all the lights before watching.
I applaud this one on that.
A treat to watch.
He will be missed.
it is hard to tell you more about this film without spoiling it.
A thriller which does not seem like one.
One of my favorite All time classics.
And we find the loving Fido whatever he may do.
Rated R for zombie related violence.
I really enjoyed this movie.
But he carried himself very well for being a new talent.
The extras were cool too.
a boy and his zombie.
Gone was the incessant bickering between Carrie Fisher and Harrison Ford.
I was also on hand for the premiere in Toronto.
The kids were also great.
Definitely check this one out if you get the chance.
Until his collar goes on the blink.
It deserved more recognition.
A true reality show.
I never tried to eat Timmy.
And I am so glad I did.
FIDO is a movie unlike anything I have ever seen.
FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido.
Which can be a problem especially with the elderly.
well I will just let you watch this incredibly unique flick.
FIDO is a fantastic idea brought to fruition.
There are plenty of funny and original situations that really had me entertained.
This movie really really shows the talents of actors.
Billy Connelly flexes his acting muscle.
They make the old films seem even better.
He really brings the changes Luke has gone through seem real.
Harrison Ford is still good.
In short Han Solo is better than ever.
These little creatures are so annoying they almost ruin every scene they are in.
The melodramatics are kind of silly but the cast pulls it off.
Everyone here is excellent and right on target.
The satire may be lost on most people and the gore is pretty tame.
I give it an 8.
And this somebody is me.
that is until this movie came along.
A satire to be precise.
Two weeks ago Fido began playing in my local theater.
This is a clever premise.
This is his best role since Mrs.
The movie does break down in it is third act.
In fact the whole cast is perfect.
Zombies are featured prominently among the characters.
Moss had such fine comedienne chops.
The cast was ROCK SOLID.
There is a giddy carnivorous spirit to this movie.
FIDO is guaranteed to cure grumpiness.
The charm and balance with which it does this is near enough perfect.
If that is not the case.
He was too young to fully appreciate how special that gift would be.
But these are times of sereneness compared to the future.
They are spurned back and later at a nightclub by their French neighbors.
Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down.
THE FRESHMAN is probably the best college picture you can find from the era.
Maybe the previous 350 voters are mostly Harvard men.
The end could not be better.
They all do so well.
They are believable characters.
He was one of the most appealing and talented actors of his time.
They accidentally hit a deer while driving there.
I was expecting the worst when I started watching this.
First off it is NOT a horror film.
It plays more like a family drama with horror elements thrown in.
I'm giving it a 7.
This movie is excellent.
I found it very interesting.
Now this is what I'm talking about.
A film that makes you think is not one to avoid.
A haunting piece that the discerning horror film fan will fall upon with gratitude.
Perspective is a good thing.
His psychological make up is not as strong as his outward appearance would suggest.
The other Rebel characters certainly work in his shadow.
This time the Emperor himself is overseeing the final stages of construction.
All the other actors are well entrenched in their roles.
8 out of 10.
The music too was exquisitely unsettling.
Those ten minutes could have made all the difference in the world.
A solid B movie.
I like Jake Weber.
His understated delivery is refreshing in a time of over the top performances.
I liked the relationship between the father and son.
I liked the family dynamics.
He spies on George and Kim as they have sex.
This movie is not for everyone.
This is also a story of alienation.
The film is well paced and acted.
A group of hunters who were tracking the buck come along.
I usually prefer some ambiguity.
One of the best things about the film is its complexity.
Other technical aspects are good for the budget.
Good sequel to Murder in a Small Town.
In this one Cash and his police Lt.
This is just one more example of the absolute genius of Gene Wilder.
He wrote and starred in this terrific mystery.
No one could have done it better.
The suspense was palpable throughout.
Wilder would grace us with another of these.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever seen Mr.
His subtle wit comes through in spades.
His star just gets brighter and brighter.
The portions of the movie which portrayed actors acting was done very well.
I'm sure this is an additional challenge for the cast to pull off.
Even his singing was a delight.
I enjoyed the cool live combo and the swing tunes.
This Movie has great fight scenes.
Now its true that the acting is a little rough.
And the stunts are worthy enough for Jackie Chan to sit threw and admire.
But no paradise would be complete without its snake.
I have seen this movie quite a few times.
A classy film pulled in 2 directions.
To its advantage it is directed by Wes Craven.
Her looks and performance had an unexpected repercussions a few years later.
Probably due to a personal nature between the artist and Catherine.
My vote is seven.
The movie was keep you guessing as which direction it is going.
They made no bones about it .
it was Grandpa who made the show such a success.
at times interrupting Tony and Kathleen to make a point.
but without getting preachy.
We had been drinking.
This is one of the best films for ripping apart I have ever seen.
Then the dad is there hugging them.
There is not one redeeming feature to this film.
The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table.
First of all I was not aware of Lucille.
I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned.
Overall the movie was great.
Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard.
From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict.
In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition.
He was a voyeur.
He captures Little Richard to a most believable essence.
Her voice is platinum.
She needs to make a CD.
She has more fans then she realizes.
How can a little girl have a voice so big.
She is truly amazing.
I believe you can truly make it.
The man could sing the drawers off the ladies and defined rock and roll.
7 out of 10.
This is probably one of the better buddy comedies in a long time.
appearance you can find.
Little Richard is always on.
Obviously you have no taste and you do not respect the taste of others.
Standard rise to fame tale that has a few high points.
The fact that she never became a huge sensation after this is beyond me.
The copy I saw was a very old VHS tape.
Tony King was very realistic in his role of Satin.
Thomas in 1977 and immediately fell in love with it.
It was sort of a guilty pleasure to watch.
Addition of Albert Einstein and his band of geniuses provides excellent comic relief.
This movie is cute and fun .
The film is filled with great character actors and delightfully sweet and daffy performances.
Probably the funniest scene is when Dr.
And did he wear socks in one scene.
I just finished reading Dr.
No and this is very much how Ian Fleming had portrayed James Bond.
How nice to know that it might work out in I.
Very lovable and very intelligent too.
Her innocent indignant expressions have you wishing she was yours.
The hero handles the garage mechanic to physicist transformation well.
The end result is a fun movie with surprises throughout.
It was a doubly interesting experience.
Maybe nobody really has tried.
But that is an exception and it was a spoof.
But his Albert Einstein happens to be genuinely sweet.
He plays Albert as good old uncle Albert.
The speech that Robbins delivers at his first appearance in public is sheer poetry.
Kudos to the writers for handling this froth with wit and levity.
I also thought that Keene Curtis was wonderful as Eisenhower.
Eight very solid points.
Not to be missed.
This movie is so great.
And everything about it has a magical feeling towards it.
I also love the music.
The violin is awesome.
I really enjoyed them.
It also shows his range and depth as an actor.
I found the characters to be well crafted.
The twist in the middle I felt was especially good.
I also liked how the characters come off realistically.
I like the different approaches this movie takes.
naturally with amusing results.
One of the best of the comedy romance genre.
All of the actors are in top form.
All the players did a good job at keeping this a lively romp.
one can just totally forget reality and have a good time.
You will laugh while watching this movie.
Perhaps it is because she is surrounded by all that genius.
She thinks that if she marries someone with a high I.
her kids will have a high I.
I love sweet stories.
People all ages should enjoy this movie.
Ed and Einstein riding on the motorcycle.
I have the tape and every once and awhile I will watch it again.
This is one of my all time favorites.
I really like a film full of good quotes and this has it.
s way of portraying Einstein.
I think all the characters fit together really well and the story flows nicely.
I recently saw I.
So many movies in my opinion lack honesty.
How they stuck together and they tried to help Tim Robbins character become smart.
I would recommend this for a Sunday morning.
I just watched I.
again tonight and had forgotten how much I love this movie.
I highly recommend this movie.
Maybe I'm being too generous with the rating.
The scientists make me laugh so much.
About 1986 I saw this movie by accident on TV one night.
I was 6 years old.
I do not know if they would want to see it anyway.
Even suckling a young baby mutates into a greedy sexual act of exploitation.
It ends in a truly gruesome suicide.
Mutilation of where the boys began.
So close to finally finding love with Deborah.
Now they are both destroyed.
Two things I can not stand are rape movies and prison movies.
The ending is delightful and with some surprise to it.
Dare I say that only the French can get away with films like this.
And that is part of their genius.
I can remember seeing this movie as a kid in 1977 or 1978.
Most people I talk to have never heard of it.
Even though there is a pointless aspect to the film it is well acted.
A whole new slant to the end of the film.
In the end this uncompromising and daring film demands respect.
Simply because they are different kinds of people.
like those of pulp fiction etc.
Timeless classic and 20 years later it will still shock some.
It would make an interesting double feature with the excellent earlier film.
Between 6 and 7 out of 10.
The enemy robot is very menacing.
And there are some great moments within this film.
I can not even begin to describe the brilliant acting and well written script.
The Academy had a grave oversight in not celebrating the joy that is.
If you are in to that be prepared to enjoy yourself.
the characters are great.
I really like the ending.
It only blossomed when they kissed each other.
the characters are great.
I really like the ending.
It only blossomed when they kissed each other.
What a master piece.
To take the cold war conflict and transport it to the future.
This film is satire of the highest order.
In my humble opinion it outranks Dr.
only are we really seeing the dangers of genetic engineering.
This movies screams DON'T DO IT YOU FOOLS YOU'LL KILL US ALL.
They admit they stole.
though adapted is the P.
Great flick but too short.
But it is fun to dream about the potential there.
I'm no expert and thus still trying to figure this out.
One of the best movies out there.
Great for the time and brilliant and creative ideas.
Something different from the usual movies and great fun.
Check it out cause I have loved it since it came out.
Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you have ever seen.
Take a look and think like a child.
My girlfriend and I have a thing for Robots.
So I try to seek out movies that have robots.
And this movie has robots.
It is very hard to dislike this movie.
Because of those big robots.
And that is good enough for me.
This is a nifty little flick that deserves its cult reputation.
What a great film it is.
The notion of nations sending people fighting each other with giant robots is tacky.
But I am intrigued by the characters.
Their romance is very enjoyable.
The stop motion effects could have been a tiny bit better.
9 STARS OUT OF 10.
Some of it is cheap but the robot fights is worth seeing.
The movie is worth seeing at least once.
There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there.
Less remakes and more original works.
Nor was the ancient Achilles a noble warrior.
The effects were fairly good for the time and the budget.
Probably just by the mass populace.
This movie may not be for everyone though.
The film has crazy ideas.
I tend to like movies which have small budgets and actually work.
He was one of the leading directors in the New Germany after WWII.
You can give up or adjust you way of thinking to survive.
Directed by Richard Shepard.
One of the years most enjoyable and best films.
My first Fassbinder was a wonderful experience.
Everything seemed to be in right place.
The relationship between the wife and husband is unique.
Nothing and no one can come between the two of them.
A very intriguing film which is totally absorbing.
There are food shortages.
The direct approach Maria takes in this film is successful to convey this ideology.
He also remarked that his films are anti emotional.
As if we signed a contract to enjoy life.
Any mistakes made in a film could just be corrected in the next project.
There are different opinions about the end.
For me it is obvious that she just did that by accident.
She must have felt as if she was not herself anymore.
She felt as if she had outlived herself.
But one day while getting intimate with Bill they see Hermann at the door.
Thats the reason for the bathroom scene.
So when the house explodes its by accident.
Fassbinder was fascinated by survivors but he was also incredibly passionate.
In his view Maria can not have it both ways.
Sensual and tough Maria Braun.
Moments of deep thought and revelation came pouring out of the actors performances.
I will be looking for a copy to add to my movie collection.
I'm frequently asked what makes Love Trap different.
It is a rare morality play full of food for thought.
com for complete and accurate info about this film.
This is a film about a hired assassin who befriends a harried businessman.
We never missed it.
I picked this film up at my local library.
I was pleasantly surprised.
The entire presentation surpassed my expectations.
A Crown International Release.
this is a tribute to cinema in the highest form and format.
The Van is a guilty pleasure of mine.
I will never forget the joy of those times.
A complete movie with all of the memories you could hope for.
I own it and enjoy it about once a year.
This classic film was definitely worth the price of admission.
There are so many other things to say about this incredible film.
I was not disappointed.
An expanded universal film vocabulary by 1926 would allow for a vastly superior remake.
I'm not sure who was the distributor.
The Last Command is very good silent drama.
Evelyn Brent is wonderful playing the woman lead.
William Powell is great as always.
There are plenty of scenes to remember in this movie.
This is a movie that touches in many parts.
I found this to be a profoundly amusing dark comedy.
South Park fans would surely get something here.
Another surprise is the production value here.
A lot of expensive little details.
Its not a little show.
It surely could have been done cheaper and went on the will was there.
As I really liked the show it has its faults.
I think thats kind of what makes South Park work.
but its difficult to understand if Parker and Stone actually means anything by it.
Besides that I actually thought the show was very enjoyable.
Some of the jokes in here are hilarious.
It is also a political satire.
He did sort of do that as gov.
Most films in the series take place over a few days or weeks.
This finale was very good and occurred in the rain.
They are tacky and unfunny.
that is the sort of flat that it is.
A big plus goes to the writing as well.
This is definitely a film worth searching for.
Worth seeing when you put the movie in it is proper context.
This movie to me felt like closure.
I think it is time to increase that group to 2.
I also love the way they used the song by Asia.
I was making my first feature when this came out.
This is the final episode we deserved.
For anyone who liked the series this movie will be something to watch.
This like the series was a very well put together series of scenes.
This is a series I wish had lived on.
Thanks to the cast for some wonderful TV.
It hurt to see that this was the end of Homicide.
I enjoyed this a lot.
Gee runs for mayor and gets shot.
This is a good film.
The whole story winds up the series in a most satisfying and original way.
And the movie certainly retained that spirit.
Sorry to see you go.
But his night was not over yet.
Fun to watch awesome sequences as good as any Hollywood epic fight scene.
The greatest positives of this series are it is characters.
The way its plot twists and turns has u riveted.
Old conflicts will end and new ones will arise.
the dubbing is simply flawless.
The story is a very simple thread.
It has a subtle way of connecting with the audience.
Forget calling them real.
Its truly saying something.
The very last scene of the movie stays with me.
This does not happen in Wing.
Both voices bring out different sides to the same character.
The members of OZ are a mixed bag really.
bored most of the time.
The cannon fodder pilots and military leaders are nothing to speak of either.
I am still a fan.
with some minor pains.
I mean he whines more than an American character on a soap opera.
I mean it can always be worse.
I will chat about that one later.
and are used as grunt infantry.
releases at the same time with two voice teams.
The year is After Colony 195.
The Alliance forces catch on.
This movie puts you in the shoes of the protagonist of the story.
The director wants you to see what the protagonist sees and thinks.
Worth a nice long look.
I liked this movie because it basically did more with less.
I also found his dialog with the callers pretty funny.
Any more and it would have started to drag.
I would recommend checking it out if you get a chance.
He will make you smile and admire him at the same time.
But it will not be an easy journey.
After the disappointment of Mr.
As much as I hate that the Mr.
WWII was just around the corner.
At least the Mr.
This is one of my favorite Mr.
As usual Lorre is his charming self as the debonair Mr.
i thought that this was a great movie for kids.
i wont ruin the ending.
but it was unusual the way that it was done.
it also helps them out of a jam towards the end.
it also has the plus of not being overly long.
i think it clocks in at under 95 minutes.
i do not think it is garbage .
it was not meant to be a sequel to the documentary either .
This movie has nothing to do with the documentary and its fantasy kiddie fare.
I just watched it and watched it.
in a not so conventional sense of the word.
Trying to find it today is hard enough .
but believe me it is well worth it no matter what the age.
But even the voice acting is far better than much released today.
At one point Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend.
And he really means it.
There are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well.
It is truly beautiful and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas.
It is very hard to rate this film.
Even at a high salary he could not be compelled to join in.
THE SHOW OF SHOWS is pretty gigantic.
which is all set to the song LADY LUCK.
And so should you.
It is all so demented.
Keaton balances all three aspects of his lead character quite well.
I really enjoyed this movie.
Typically Ron Howard who seems to like being associated with Michael Keaton.
Love the scene when Hunt travels to Japan with his sales pitch.
I just have to throw my two cents in.
Yes for the most part the characters are broadly written and acted.
that should be enough.
I can not think of another who is so capable in every genre.
Certainly none who have been successful at all those genres.
Tom Cruise so I will move on.
The students can either buy or rent the movie.
I'm not really into the crude language the auto workers use all the time.
Philip Baker Hall puts an appearance as the liaison between Julian and his assignments.
I recently saw this movie in my International Business class.
I saw this movie when it was new.
I noticed one reviewer uses this in a Japanese class.
Michael Keaton has never been funnier.
The two of them work wonderfully together.
Then Hunt jumps on a chair.
Hunt jumps on the desk with him.
The fight then spills out from the office into the factory.
I saw this movie again as an assignment for my management class.
He was a perfect fit for the movie.
I am surprised to see some of the low ratings for this movie.
I beg to differ.
They perhaps made the company above all else.
Where American workers had more of a management verses labor type of relationship.
The individual was more important than the company.
I will probably get some hate email over that comment I'm sure.
Another difference was how quality was viewed and whose responsibility it was to fix.
Audio options are provided in English 5.
Watching it in 2008 is certainly different than watching it in 1986.
He embodied every negative stereotype of Americans.
And I'm glad I continued the watch.
The end was excellent.
You always want a harmonious ending and this was just that.
It was a mediocre movie that ended on a high note.
This is definitely worth seeing.
Music by blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan.
The Matador is a strange film.
But Matador differs in several key ways.
And yet this unorthodox approach is perhaps what makes the film feel authentic.
The movie never deals with these questions.
The focus is on Julian and his stumbling shuffle into a genuine friendship.
I used this film in a religion class I was teaching.
The golden fish is swimming happily in his bowl in an upper floor apartment.
A young boy and his mother are away from home.
The boy has been given money to buy milk.
Next to him stands a man in a black suit looking a little scary.
The boy drops the bottle of milk.
The man in the black suit gives him money to replace the milk.
This scene alternates with what is happening at home.
A black cat climbs the fire escape and enters the apartment.
The fish swims energetically and flips out of the bowl.
The cat takes the fish in his mouth and we all hold our breath.
The cat drops the fish into the bowl.
It was a great discussion starter in my class.
Surprised to see the rather low score for this movie.
And I mean that in a good way.
I think it great example of the differences between two cultures.
It would be a great movie to show in a sociology class.
What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another.
The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together.
All are perfectly cast.
This is a 7.
5 in my book.
You play as B.
This is quite possibly the most influential game of its time.
This is one of them.
caught in an underground bunker.
There is a bonus count after each level is beaten.
stealthily or gunning down anything and everything you see.
more about the weapons later.
The keys unlock certain doors.
Much of the later game is spent looking for them.
And the last one.
Think about unloading massive amounts of lead into Nazi fiends with such a gun.
The sound is excellent.
very crisp and realistic.
That segues me nicely into the level design.
the list goes on.
The game also features quite a bit of gore.
What is there left to say.
but it was on a UHF channel and the reception was very fuzzy.
Well you take O.
This was evidently long before he cultivated his good guy image.
You just never knew until the end.
I can tell you just how bad this movie is.
Especially considering what we did that year.
The thing is that they probably over edited it.
This is positively the best work that Leslie Nielson has ever done.
Russ and Valerie are having discussions about starting a family.
The script is snappy and fun and the overall production values quite high.
The movie helped them better understand their own circumstances.
She has been fighting the entire trust issue.
This is also the first time I had seen her cry.
It certainly opened the lines of communication with us.
Great recommendations from Myself to Watch or Buy this Film.
But My conclusion being.
I thought the movie was actually pretty good.
I enjoyed the acting and it moved along well.
The director seemed to really grasp the story he was trying to tell.
There were some things that could of been better but most are budget related.
A couple of standouts were the guy who played the camera asst.
and the boy who played the child.
I absolutely loved this show.
Definitely a show you could watch with a friend or your children.
I recommend this show to anyone.
and the tension between Joe and Nick is so cute.
I hope everyone gives it a shot.
Most enjoy it more than the first.
Her timing was great and her expressions were priceless.
Verbal sparring like I have seldom seen from a movie of that era.
The last thirty minutes of the movie DOES fall flat.
It is worth the let down just to see the first sixty.
The violence is never really shown but often introduced.
His only clue is an interesting jewel that an old man gave him.
But he still must come to terms with being disabled on his own.
A simply wonderful little gem of a drama.
It rates a 6.
I thought this was an excellent and very honest portrayal of paralysis and racism.
This movie never panders to the audience and never gets predictable.
Touching and sad movie.
Noble and Wright unexpectedly become friends.
Noble is eventually targeted by his employers and shows up in Denver.
Shepard was also down on his luck.
Stay for the closing credits to read what the filmmakers say about bullfighting.
No Hollywood happiness here.
Clearly filmed on a small budget in a real V.
Wesley Snipes does a tremendous job as the angry Raymond.
The orgasm in the ward is both sexy and amusing.
This is basically his story.
Not that it matters.
I really really really want to watch the rest of the movie.
It WILL please you.
Which is FINE by me.
Last thing I have got to say.
One last thing this is a better attempt than the last two American Pies.
The friendship they form reminded me a lot of Laurel and Hardy.
But make no mistake.
He imprints one of the most memorable and despicably likable characters of the decade.
It is constantly entertaining.
Anyway enough about the Naked Mile.
There are weak points though.
You really can not care less about him.
This feels like really OLD SCHOOL.
So ignore the haters and give this a run and see what you think.
i just watched the movie i was afraid it is gonna disappoint me.
i was rather surprised at the end though.
The American pie franchise is still in my favorite franchise movies of all times.
it is not gonna become a classic as the first two already did.
This movie is plain fun.
We had a few beers and we had fun.
The entire cast does fine work.
I predict good things for him.
There is a certain genius behind this movie.
I was laughing throughout.
This film is fantastic.
Drew Barrymore was excellent in this film.
This role is the type of role you do not normally see Drew play.
Her typical role is as a woman looking for love.
The storyline is also great.
She moves in with a guy who becomes her lover.
It is then revealed to her lover that she has Multiple Personality Disorder.
The FBI agent was a terrible actor.
Drew Barrymore is very hot.
The weird gummy worm was just weird.
Nathan was a very handsome cat.
But what was that scene where Patrick followed Holly into a cesspool and Mr.
The film is splendidly acted by some of the best Romanian actors.
She makes it shine.
This is just as good as the original 101 if not better.
We see a lot more of her this time round.
To use Paris as the climax of the movie was a clever idea.
This is also funnier than the last film.
After three years in Dr.
Her clothing alone deserves at least an Oscar nomination.
Then you will have a good time.
Greetings again from the darkness.
That Bond guy is gone.
The only thing serious about this movie is the humor.
Well worth the rental price.
I will bet you watch it twice.
This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.
Love the characters and the story line.
Very funny with plenty of action.
I enjoyed the dynamic and comical interaction of Griffith and Career.
I highly recommend this movie.
you will love this movie.
Here is perhaps one of the finest.
He is convicted and sentenced to hang.
Excellent viewing and recommended to all.
must remain in a military jail.
The plot is familiar.
The familiar plot is elevated by neat thrilling sequences and terrific performances.
The film has a sense of relief at the end.
Carla finally gets laid.
Her boss is forced out for being a jerk.
Club Owner is a pulpy mess in his own bathroom.
This was a pretty decent movie.
This movie is good to just sit down and watch and be entertained.
Just a typical Hollywood film.
Disappointing on the whole despite some very good scenes.
so the Sentinel does a solid job given it is content.
Worth a viewing if you like the genre.
also another person trying to shrug off their TV role but failed.
Overall Sentinel is a good film and i would recommend it.
I thought that The sentinel was going to be a mediocre movie.
This movie reminded me TV series like 24 or Alias.
I enjoyed this film.
Douglas does a fine job in this role.
which is what movies are all about.
Surprises throughout delighting throughout.
I never did get who he was or what his issues were.
The film was exciting and fun throughout and always left me guessing.
Very much worth seeing.
The ending is amazing in both its irony and its technical complexity.
There was some hesitation from my part about what this movie had to offer.
There is nothing wrong with the casting.
She carries herself with enough grace and sex appeal to make the part memorable.
Michael Douglas has been and done that before.
Leave your expectations outside and enjoy the ride for whatever it might be.
Boat crashing into his balcony served him right.
1942 costume designer did great job.
Main song theme just lovely.
Thank goodness the public had these fantastic plot line movies to attend.
Jeanette dancing was a pure delight.
And especially this one.
Horton and Reginald Owen.
The movie is a fantasy.
Movies are designed to serve various purposes.
This one is designed to entertain and it certainly does.
Some of the closeups made me uncomfortable.
But he could still sing and sing magnificently.
She makes a spectacular angel.
The music in this movie is beautiful.
She could do it all.
He should be a star.
My only complaint is with one aspect of the screenplay.
That is a baffling thing to say.
There was no politics at all in this movie.
Their both being rejected by the society reunites them progressively.
I very much enjoyed watching this film.
I taped it while watching so that i could review it later.
I thought the way this story evolved was very thought provoking.
I completely disagree with the other comments posted on this movie.
The movie was very sad and touching as well.
It was tragically sad but enlightening.
It sure beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening.
I really enjoyed it.
And how they save her in the process as well.
What if a platoon of G.
Not as silly as one would imagine.
The rest of the movie follows the premise to a T.
Undoubtedly it is the main order of the day.
The songs themselves are pretty lame and corny and detract from the whole thing.
machine gun that ultimately yields some interesting results.
This is certainly one of his better vehicles from his terrific CV.
But I did really like the concept.
Samurai is so unique.
The background story is less important.
I will not bother repeating what others have said.
What the filmmakers do with the concept is unexpected and fun.
The huge battle is exhausting.
You have been warned but the story and storytelling keeps you grounded.
There are several outstanding moments that make you appreciate the talent behind the camera.
I really wish I could erase the music but alas.
Excellent episode movie ala Pulp Fiction.
This movie is a perfect example of his work.
They are not necessarily connected but yet together they still tell a story.
It helps to make this movie an effective one to watch.
It makes you think which is sometimes more important than pure entertainment.
It consist of a series of scenes depicting the many facets of death.
The film is a metaphor over life.
It shows how fragile life is and how short our lives are.
This is a most realistic film.
This is no exploitation movie.
At first glance it may seem very dark.
Carla is a secretary who is essentially deaf without her hearing aids.
There is also some unpleasant violence.
It is him who takes financial profits from lustful liaisons.
Nicolas Mallet is a failure.
Our hero tells his boss he is quitting.
And he manages to do just that.
Romy Schneider is at her most appealing.
Definitely worth a look.
Early and Adele meet Brian and Carrie at the bus stop and leave town.
Their journey is a very learning one.
never mind that he leaves someone dead here and there to do it though.
7 out of 10.
The acting by all involved was quite good but Brad stole the movie.
The atmosphere was perfect in all respects.
All good words to describe this movie.
I was totally engrossed in this film from the first to last minute.
Early Grace is a simpleton with a taste for dry toothbrushes and carnage.
One of my all time favorites.
Everything about that I think is just so perfect.
This movie was not one of them.
This Was One Scary Movie.
Brad Pitt Deserved an Oscar for this.
This proves very good writing and acting.
Some of her moments in this film brought me to tears.
I do believe that everyone should see this movie though.
There are two things which really give this movie its power.
The first is its cast.
We have a staggeringly disturbing turn by a young Brad Pitt as Early Grace.
This film is disturbing on more than one level.
But he and Forbes are flat broke.
Pitt is the walking definition of an inbred Gothic refugee from Deliverance.
A journey on the darkest road ever.
The road of no return.
But the couple that answers it is not just ANY couple.
It is one of the strangest couples ever.
The man is exactly the opposite.
A cruel ruthless murderer.
On the whole this is a really good movie.
I do like Juliette Lewis although I'm indifferent to Brad Pitt.
Michelle Forbes was a treat.
I enjoyed this film almost unreservedly.
Ironically a serial killer and his girlfriend answer the post.
Great performances all around by the leads with Pitt in particular being exceptional.
Brad Pitt is incredible as Early Grayce.
His performance in this movie may well be his best ever.
The same for Juliette Lewis.
Brad Pitt makes an everlasting impression as Early Grayce.
Early is possibly drunk.
Pitt is fierce in this film.
but that is the only flaw i could find in this cult classic.
Maybe it really does and I just do not understand it.
but that is the only flaw i could find in this cult classic.
But my choice for best performance goes to Juliette Lewis.
A man hears his wife sing for the first time.
Together they help each other to develop as people.
One is when Carla is babysitting and is trying to comfort a screaming baby.
I have enjoyed Criminal Intent series of Law and Order for a long time.
See her other side in this movie.
I liked this a lot.
You just get into it.
Frank and Tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars.
A really nifty and entertaining little winner.
The other movies you want to watch can wait.
Prepare to experience life from the perspective of the hearing impaired.
His skills as a thief help Carla win a political battle in the office.
Funny and visually quite entertaining ending.
Pretty good indeed for what these two could offer.
Kennedy was unconscious and Taker drove him out of the arena to win.
This was an okay match.
Nothing about wrestling here.
This was about the visuals.
This was total carnage.
The spots were amazing.
His eye is shut quickly and is busted open hard way.
I'm sure the replay value will be good though.
Mercury has suffered a shattered nose and lacerations to the eye.
He is at the hospital now.
No way anything else here will top that.
This was a strong match.
This was a good match.
He ranted to the crowd.
Learn to appreciate this or get out.
Not too much here.
The spot was fine.
Kennedy needed this win.
They both worker hard.
Undertaker should have lost.
Creative screwed up again.
A stupid diva thing is next.
At least Torrie was not here.
Consider this your bathroom break.
This was also a nothing match.
Finlay and Batista v.
Batista and Booker can not work well together.
The finish was botched.
Not main event caliber at all.
A few others were solid.
In the end London and Kendrick retained the titles.
The action was shoddy and no one cared who Batista picked for his partner.
The Undertaker defeated Mr Kennedy in a last ride match.
This has to be seen to be believed.
There were many high spots and many more brutal bumps and awkward landings.
This is not for the faint of heart.
The night opened with only the 4th ever Inferno match.
In other notable happening from the card.
Benoit was also considering whether to put Vikki Guerrero in the sharpshooter or not.
Luckily he came to his senses and let her go.
The last match of the night was main event number 3.
even if only for a few minutes.
They even save each other when one of them is in danger of life.
The three are guilty to return to their usual fights and rivalries.
I found it fun to watch.
The music heard here is deliciously wonderful.
The second part melodies are thrilling and they perfectly fit with the action.
The concept itself is brilliant.
Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs.
The visuals are exceptional.
This is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing.
I do not know.
There are some really priceless moments in this episode.
The murder is more or less an accident and was an impulsive act.
I liked the story of the movie and how it progressed.
It also helps the movie that it has such a fine cast.
He even played the murderer in a couple of those movies as well again.
Directed with flair by Bernard L.
Simon is dead but somehow resurrects from outside.
The kind of film that you know Hollywood would have botched up.
The beginning is like a bizarre surrealist horror movie.
This is one of the reasons why this film can easily be grasped.
I used to love watching this.
I had no idea it was part of a larger series.
I must have been 6 or so at the time it was on TV.
My parents had taped this off of TV when it originally aired on NBC.
To this day I still catch myself quoting it.
Compared to other satirical broadcasts it was definitely the best of all.
Is it possible to purchase it from someone.
I saw her again in Eating Raoul.
I maybe biased about this movie.
9 out of 10.
But a lot of the comedy is just beneath the surface.
Saw this movie on its release and have treasured it since.
It simply amazed me and my friends.
How the heck he accomplished this is beyond my understanding.
It falters at the end as the story twists get a little bit extreme.
Sword boy is on the planet for a reason.
Lots of dark street fights with guys unexpectedly getting filleted creatively.
slick worth a watch.
It is definitely more of a drama rather than an action movie.
Sasha becomes an outlaw.
Everything happens very slowly.
But the director does not want to impress us with flashy and showy action.
So basically you need to be very patient in order to watch it.
A woman borough a boy to this world and was alone.
First he kills his constantly drunk stepfather who hurts his mom every time.
Then he grows up and decides to find his real father.
Everything else is to be watched.
Suffice to say I was expecting something entirely different from what I got.
But it was a happy surprise.
There is a lot of crap coming out of Hollywood lately.
It is sad and poetic at the same time.
This is a lot like an Asian film with a dark Russian twist.
It becomes secondary to the emotion of the story.
Acting is top notch all around.
This essentially is where Sasha is when we meet him.
I really like this movie.
Worth checking out if you can find it.
but that is not the interesting part of this film.
This is where the vengeance and anger comes into play.
This is not to say that action is not shown.
This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into the genre.
And suddenly he meets her.
She loves him for what he is.
They try to run but it is hart to hide.
Finally they have a serious car accident.
He surmounts a lot of obstacles but finally finds her.
Kinda got the feeling of an Asian fantasy film.
And it is still worth watching.
I remember this show from Swedish television.
I was only 7 years of age and it scared me beyond belief.
I never ever thought of the fact that this might have happened.
He was a nice bloke.
This movie is full of references.
This movie is a masterpiece.
I thought this was a quiet good movie.
It was fun to watch it.
This movie blew me away.
Also when you go stay in your seat until the end of the credits.
it is the best part of the movie.
I was amazed at the improvements made in an animated film.
and that is only to mention the technical aspects.
But backgrounds were superb and animation was breathtaking.
This is the best animation by Disney since Aladdin.
Just go and enjoy.
The animation that was put into this paid off.
We are still quoting little anecdotes from it here and there.
Disney would heartily approve of this new film.
I'm eager to see it again.
to pick up what I might have missed the first time.
Bugs life is a good film.
I saw it years ago.
Ant Island is the home of a colony of ants.
He gets banished and he must find bigger bugs to fix the mess.
The voice acting is good as with most animation movies.
The music is nice to listen to.
This is a good movie for all families.
She is also deaf.
Many of the American people would say.
The great difference is the way that the story takes.
There is a lot about finding strength from within to conquer all odds here.
Even the villain Hopper is fully fleshed and menacing for the right reasons.
All the bugs are finely crafted too.
It is also in the city that we see the workmanship on the environments.
Bug City contains plenty of garbage doubling as buildings and clubs.
I dare you to think of someone better.
The important thing is that it is still wonderful fun.
The movie was totally Awesome and Cool.
The circus bugs are colorful and they are superb in the movie.
The grasshoppers were also superb and cool in the movie.
Hopper was a pure and perfect villain.
Building an artificial bird was a good idea to scare away the grasshoppers.
But the difference in quality is distinct and obvious.
The voice overs are what make this movie.
Dave Foley is an earnest ant that gets himself into trouble a lot.
This is a FUNNY film.
Many skeptics have seen this film on my recommendation and not been disappointed.
I watched this film not expecting much and not knowing anything much about it.
Check this one out.
So maybe I'm nuts and just really good at hiding it.
They are both thrown in prison and one of them signs a confession.
Bill Pullman plays the lawyer who tries to get them out.
A 7 out of 10.
The Philippines substitute for Thailand and nobody actually goes to Hong Kong.
Word has it that if you have the money he can help you.
Paul Walker even has a small uncredited role here.
In real the Thai people are very kind.
The film also has a brilliant soundtrack.
7 out of 10.
Mysterious movie with a good mark overall.
I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have.
Talk about lack of closure.
This movie just pulls you so deeply into the two main characters.
Two lost ships from two different worlds collide.
The whole escape attempt was bogus fantasy.
Bill Pullman was miscast as the lawyer.
This movie is no different.
As always Pullman delivers with an excellent performance and ties the movie together beautifully.
This is a great film to watch with your best girlfriend.
I watched this movie 11 years ago in company with my best female friend.
I ended up liking it big time.
The acting is on it is prime level.
Bill Pullman is also great and demonstrates his histrionic qualities.
Plus it shows the difficult times at Thailand.
This is an underrated movie.
Not many films like this one have come up in recent history.
It should make you reflex about many things.
It was awful in two respects.
5 and say it is definitely worth a look.
I was immediately drawn by the storyline and cared about the girls involved.
They are used as sacrificial mules in a heroin smuggling ring.
I really enjoyed this movie and would recommend it.
They were convicted and sentenced to thirty three years in prison.
I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this film.
We all have friends.
You can see that from the beginning.
The rest of the film is about survival and not giving up hope.
But first I want to say what is good about the film.
But sometimes that fun can get her into trouble.
Bill Pullman is adequate as the American lawyer living in Thailand.
The film is photographed very well also.
It heightens and compliments the mood of the film to perfection.
7 out of 10.
This is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film.
It is very emotional and raw.
Well worth watching and certainly stays in your memory.
Now it is time for ultimate survival and true friendship.
They soon find themselves placing faith into a system they know nothing about.
This movie was simply too short to do this.
The mental journey is missing here for some reason.
Sometimes I felt these girls were walking around in a postcard.
The relationship with the family members could also have used a bit more attention.
I saw this film at a store in the cheap section.
I actually vividly remembered seeing the commercials and trailer for it years ago.
The film follows what will happen to them and at times questions their innocence.
It could have been longer.
What surprised me was how well the boxing matches were brought to the screen.
Sullivan as the ultimate highlight.
Errol Flynn does a great job portraying the real life famous boxer James J.
Corbett aka Gentleman Jim.
The movie also features some fine supporting actors and some fine acting throughout.
A great and entertaining movie that also still truly holds up real well today.
Flynn is so taken with Ms.
Director Walsh makes the silliness look smooth and extravagant.
Excellent Warner Bros effort starring Errol Flynn in one of his best screen performances.
The pair are head over heels in love with fighting with each other.
Just to mention one more thing about Gentleman Jim.
He would go on to a great career as action director himself.
Its a classic that could be easily missed.
He defeated John L.
Of course that was not shown on the screen.
One thing though that I did like about Gentleman Jim.
Ward Bond got the career role of his life in playing John L.
and the best thing about Gentleman Jim.
Of course when Corbett was champion he refused to give Jackson a title shot.
This intelligent and exciting movie supports that argument.
Here the idea is treated literally.
This is one of the greatest sports movies ever made by Hollywood.
What a wonderful story about one of the great sports figures of American history.
What makes the story of James J.
Corbett especially interesting is that Mr.
Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day.
In that respect James J.
Corbett was truly innovated.
Alexis Smith was beautiful.
That coupled with a great script makes this movie a must.
But always delightfully so.
This is truly one of the best scenes in any sports move ever made.
That is a much more realistic boxing movie.
Gentleman Jim not really a boxing film.
It is a vehicle for Errol Flynn as Jim Corbett.
Flynn is well suited to the role of suave but unpredictable Corbett.
The theme of the film is a man pushing for his big chance.
Corbett leaves his mundane life behind and builds a new persona as Gentleman Jim.
Jim is a chancer who can adapt to any social environment.
He is a liar and an egotist.
And Errol Flynn gets the girl.
Amusing support is provided by a young and ebullient Carson.
The whole thing is beautifully appointed and securely directed.
A few of the sets are amazingly presented.
There are a large number of his films that would support this hypothesis.
Director Walsh also used a number of Pro Wrestlers in roles of various Boxers.
Raoul Walsh was a Griffith Veteran Player.
The films is attractive and has a consistent style without being flashy.
This film enhanced my opinion of Errol Flynn.
very well worth the time to watch it.
Then it goes from a good film to a great one.
You can just sense how much fun he was having here.
If you like original gut wrenching laughter you will like this movie.
As close to black and white without being black and white.
The acting was subtle but very funny.
This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.
The best training ever.
Greater distances seem to decrease the magnitude of the disaster.
This film in eleven separate pieces accurately portrays this dismal and dumb posture.
11 directors from different countries with different results.
This is how Carla and Paul meet.
The constant role reversal creates the tone of the unknown.
That use of sound and scene was brilliant.
This Academy Award winning short film can rank among the greatest of the genre.
The fish apparently knows something is going on and becomes very excited.
It is rich and makes a beautiful artistic act from these 11 short films.
The weakest point comes from Y.
I am still not sure what A.
I still do not know if S.
This is a very interesting project which could have been quite brilliant.
It will bring back your emotions from that day.
A patchwork about 911.
and he combines this with flashes of people jumping from the towers.
A very hard clip to watch and one that you will not forget.
The clip fails to capture any of the drama of such a situation.
The aftermath of this disaster is previewed from many different countries and perspectives.
I believe that this film should be more widely distributed for this point.
Probably the best film of the year for me.
Paul does nothing to dispel her feelings because he needs her help.
I can not remember when I have witnessed such sexual chemistry between two actors.
He makes a somewhat unappealing character both appealing and attractive.
This is one of the best effort you will see in any Film.
Films like this are rarely made and appreciated.
Definitely worth every penny you spend.
I saw this series when it world premiered at the Toronto Film Festival.
The piece that i found the best was the one from India.
If you can be strong you really should see this film.
It will comfort you and enlighten you and affect you.
Well just see it.
Maybe the less tender movie towards the us.
Not a very good plot.
My vote is seven.
would rather wreak revenge than make the world a safer place.
The film segments vary widely in content and quality.
Two allude to U.
Ironies abound in several stories.
There are poignant moments dotted throughout.
This is comprehensible tragedy on a grand scale for the 6 year olds.
This movie is really not all that bad.
In French with easy to read subtitles and good translation.
I watched the movie while recovering from major surgery.
My world is really too cynical.
We were not expecting a movie as full of win as this one was.
Soft transit from nonsense mystery to narrative logic.
A must see for reassuring our belief in young cinema outside the States.
Are one not allowed to drink the morning coffee by one self.
A woman enters a small caf.
I was so glad I came across this short film.
The result is extremely entertaining and the song is actually really catchy.
And the last shot of the film is perfect.
I highly recommend this film.
You sit and wonder how you should feel after watching this 8 min.
Not many people can do that in just 8 minutes.
It starts off simple enough.
A young women comes in for breakfast at her usual place.
She sits down and someone starts singing.
Watch this when you can.
A choice treat all the way around.
Really worth watching it.
NOW BE A GOOD SPORT AND TELL US AT WHICH INSTITUTION YOU GREW UP.
OF COURSE THERE'S PROBABLY AN EXPLANATION.
This movie did not ring true for me.
WE SHOULD ALL HEED TO YOUR COMPETENT AND PRAISEWORTHY OPINION.
I enjoyed the film with some reservations.
The subtitles for one thing were difficult.
The annoying thing is that it works effectively on both levels.
It is what gentlemen refer to as classic cinema.
But jeans can not be bought nor certain drugs which are illegal to possess.
A great movie worth seeing again and again.
People in the west cant imagine how political situation in our country affect people.
Movies like this make freedom feel more important.
This movie will get you thinking.
And thwarted by a male hierarchy that will exploit but not reward her.
A quirky friendship starts.
Carla is virtually deaf without her hearing aid.
With it she hears almost normally.
From there a caper develops.
Paul and Carla are a true criminal oddball couple.
She wants love but will also accept money.
But even a seasoned CEO would have difficulty managing these crises.
This is a thoroughly diabolical tale of just how bad things can go wrong.
Pick up some serious change.
Insurance pays for it all.
His flat belly days long gone.
Every detail is perfect.
The acting is superb.
The plot has no holes.
Hoffman of course is excellent.
May we all do half so well.
We can guess and guess.
Perhaps his fate fell onto the cutting room floor.
What happens to Hank is not going to be good.
The Direction by Mr.
You will be greatly rewarded for the time invested in this film.
The best word I could come up to describe it with is insane.
The story is very well crafted and almost brilliant.
It was all great.
This movie kept me interested and absorbed beginning to end.
Nothing resonates on a deeper level.
And maybe that is enough.
It jumps back and forth without being confusing.
Beyond these principals the acting is unremarkable.
The story is compelling and is told with a certain degree of verve.
Nanette reacts and kills Bobby but she is also lethally shot.
The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed an evil place.
My vote is seven.
Amy Ryan also performs her job adequately.
A truly underrated gem.
Should just enter my Top 250 at 248.
The performances are brilliant.
His performance in here is great.
We need more movies like this.
I certainly was not sorry.
This film is the perfect combination of sharp directing and superior acting.
He has always been too quick to criticize and admonish.
His life is beginning to crumble and he needs money.
The main reason for that is because it was compared to a Hitchcock movie.
Fact is that the man has done a really good job with this movie.
Also worth noticing is the acting in this movie.
I love how the dynamics between the three of them play out.
Great performances all around.
But of course you do not need me to tell you that.
The only victim is going to be the insurance company.
The robbery goes awry and two people die.
Most of the film is concerned with the aftermath.
Some great films were produced that way as well as some classic turkeys.
The roster of comedic dynamite.
Singleton shows how life in University can be.
The end was great.
In this little film we have some great characters but a very shallow plot.
This makes the viewer forget the nonexistent realism that this movie supposedly is for.
Four stars out of five for me.
Generic to the highest degree.
She whined and whined and whined.
This was a great movie that had a lot of under lying issues.
What others think of you is not important.
I believe this movie did a wonderful job of showing it.
The actors I think were able to convey each character wonderfully.
I just thought it was amazing how deep this movie really was.
This movie came and went in the theaters.
Later on they end up having to deal with some skinheads on campus.
I enjoyed this movie very much.
When deja gets shot he shows true emotion.
This story was probably one of the most powerful I have ever taken in.
John Singleton certainly went above and beyond when putting together this educational masterpiece.
This is an easy movie to watch again and again and enjoy.
Paul learns quickly and becomes an able worker.
Everyone needs a feeling of belonging.
Racism certainly existed in one of those schools I attended.
I can only hope and pray that nothing like that ever will happen.
The race thing where the ethnicities just hang around with their own DOES happen.
They took him in.
Although their constant harassment by police seemed to justify some of their anger.
This movie shows that blacks can be equally ignorant and racist.
But they are not as flat.
We see relationships all over at the university setting for the film.
This film showed the injustices and suffering of both sides.
The film also discusses sex and rape.
Sometimes you have to look back to go forward.
We need to remember the past.
The past is part of the future.
Great mix Gary J.
I see a great future.
But that is my opinion.
I went to school with guys who came back.
Some had changed more than others and some not so much.
Live through it and then make comments.
I agree with the black family.
The scenes with them seemed out of place.
I found it very entertaining and worth my while to watch.
But we do not only see them.
I love the movie.
It brought me back to the best time of my life.
I will always miss it.
what a shame it only appeared on TV not in cinemas.
I can not remember what scene was playing.
The words in the song are of a ballad.
However the movie greatly exceeded my very low expectations.
It is so much more than just a representation of a century.
Those two new freedoms began social changes that soon became institutionalized.
and slowly they became effected by the efforts and struggles of the minorities.
They were confused too.
Roles were constantly changing.
The movie depicts three siblings of a middle class family.
for the sake of peace.
The Black family comprises a minister and his son.
Put that in your oxymoron list.
It was a time of magic and madness.
This was one of the best movies I have seen.
The movie relates to real life and how drugs CAN play a major part.
Some may not like the story and say the script is lacking direction.
Most of the cast are newcomers to the industry.
Everyone seemed to do their job well and get into character appropriately.
This movie might just scare them enough to change their ways.
Inside the meteor is the blob.
The meteor cracks open and a slimy bunch of goop clings to the stick.
Steve and Jane pick the guy up and take him to see Dr.
Police Chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket.
Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the store.
Steve and Jane wind up at a lunch counter that the blob attacks.
The authorities collect every fire extinguisher in town and manage to freeze the blob.
The Pentagon sends down a team to transport the blob to the North Pole.
Sure it is a camp classic.
They never would have imagined 52 years ago that the Arctic would be thawing.
The Blob will soon return.
Catch the redoubtable Mrs.
Going out on a date with his girl is rather typical for all teens.
Over and over and over.
The rain is in the flat roof and tonight soft is again soft.
The Blob was scary looking.
I also liked the old man in the beginning.
Pages could be written on its influence on horror films even today.
Human contact with this slime ball burns through flesh like acid.
It also absorbs human bodies making it grow bigger.
A must see for any fan of action.
I'm not familiar with any of the other stars.
The movie has been faulted for amateurish acting and weak special effects.
It just can not be done.
This is my favorite classic.
I have always enjoyed checking out the different places where scenes were filmed.
I remember my whole family going out to watch the filming.
I also would like to share that my mother was in the movie.
They are undeniably clever.
Absolutely the very first film that scared me to death.
and once it got hold of you it was too late.
My vote is seven.
I saw the original on TV and was scared pretty bad.
I was convinced that that thing was moving on its own accord.
I only knew that I was extremely frightened about going to see this film.
It took months to recover.
I'm 57 years old now .
I have made it.
Would that we all had stayed that way.
blob attached to his arm.
This movie is wonderful.
And the memory of seeing it has probably stayed with you.
The menace grows continually throughout the story.
Everyone I knew saw it.
Everyone I knew loved it.
It is definitely very much a masterpiece in it is own way.
Louis sleeps with a large knife under his pillow with rifles nearby.
Maybe I would dozed.
The actual doctors are his tools.
I'm navigating perilously the thread of what I remember.
The film is not visually stunning in the conventional sense.
Instead it is a visually interesting film.
This sort of thing is easy to try but hard to succeed at.
Instead the film touches on and moves through a number of different genres.
The trick to loving the film is being able to enjoy this playfulness.
you will waste your time.
There are none of these.
The film only feints towards these genres and others at times.
Most film is not art.
It dominates too much.
Perhaps watching again will change that.
He needs one and goes after it.
He has a heart transplanted and afterwards decides to start a new life.
She may even punish him.
Time passing is indicated by the seasons changing and scars being created and healing.
There are lots of images of water for cleansing and for distancing.
The unconventional narrative does raise a lot of plot questions on details.
Miss it at your peril.
Good movie with a good message.
You need to read the book to fully understand these things.
They drive their cabs and are also desperate for love.
As well as some nice drama.
The film has a great cast.
Simply amazing and again something ONLY Hong Kong cinema can deliver.
This movie opened my eyes to their bravado and courage.
What sacrifices they made to live life on their own terms.
Both sisters are quite different from each other.
A number of contributors have mentioned the age difference between Stewart and Novak.
She was 25 and he was 50 when this movie was released.
The movie has a lot of good things about it.
The cast is very solid.
I enjoyed the movie and its cast.
this is an honest attempt to make a bewitchingly sweet love story.
the comparisons are obvious.
this is starting to sound familiar.
Kim alone makes it a winner in my Book.
Terrific on every level and one of the best martial arts movies ever made.
Kim Novak belongs to a coven of witches in Manhattan.
The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to these.
But never mind all that.
Her eyebrows seem drawn with a set of plastic French curves.
And Jimmy Stewart is quite good as the bewildered and bewitched victim.
But it is never dull.
She decides to tell him her secret.
Just do not go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Kim Novak and James Stewart do their best and have some real chemistry.
Novak has lost none of her silky allure in nearly half a century.
She completely dominates the amiable Mr J.
Stewart who seems resigned to handing her the movie.
Kovacs whose peculiar talents are strictly proscribed.
Some of the more hardcore beats reinvented themselves as hippies a few years later.
And so it proved to be.
Perfect for this bit of comedy.
The Greta Garbo of my youth.
I have seen this movie.
Dowry in marriages is the major problem nowadays.
In stating this problem this movie is the best.
There is less population of girls.
We have to learn from this movie that the dowry should not be taken.
This is the major change in the society.
but the look of this movie is amazing.
it all creates a really consistent world.
They do not have time for silly things such as love.
This introduces the original Samantha and Darrin.
All the characters of note are present and accounted for.
This movie gets a 9.
Stewart is again bewitched and for awhile tormented by his love for her.
The cast is terrific.
The scene with Stewart drinking the potion is comedy at it is best.
The movie is loads of fun.
I have no idea why some people think that the acting was not good.
He acted well and adjusted to being the nice good looking young rich kid.
Although she has been in another movies she is most memorable in this one.
I think this movie will and should do wonders for her.
I have never ever done that.
I miss those times where families sat down and had fun.
This is what this movie will remind all of us of.
A potter wakes up and waters his plant.
Then he goes about making a pot.
Everything else is clay.
The movie is obvious but it avoids being totally manipulative for its simplicity.
The poor puppet hero is condemned despite a lack of political agenda.
What I most remembered was the feeling of oppression in the decor.
The invasion by the hand is a complete violation of that world.
Beautiful and haunting film.
That was obviously not acceptable.
An amazing example of an artists civil disobedience and the impact it can have.
What surprised me was the stunning performance of Doris Day.
The radio show was a super propaganda radio program.
But this is an excellent example propaganda.
She goes with him and it is love at first sight.
The character was a butcher now soldier .
This was a subtle put down against meat eating.
We shoot one of the pilots so Herbert takes over.
We shoot his plane.
Unfortunately for us they survive.
More bombs come in from us.
We end up injuring him.
It was mainly a war romantic movie.
After the war many of them who survive would regret it.
This is a good swastika classic.
Be careful most of the time it is the direct hate only classics.
Sorry that is my own little rant.
Love and joint family that loving and great.
This movie rejuvenates the values that we forgot.
Sweet film of the year.
Great music and lyrics.
Great work by all the cast the crew and everybody.
I give it 10 out of 10.
I just wonder how that came to be made.
The truth of the matter is not really exposed in this film.
Recommended mostly for the music and the two fantastic bands.
Great to see rock docs still being made.
A cool doc about the creative process.
A good experience Anton is this film.
8 out of 10.
com and being intrigued by the premise.
Most of what you see is of the bands on tour.
I would basically recommend this for ANYONE who likes film in general.
And jettisoning all credibility in the process.
They are the most dysfunctional band.
During gigs they will fight and bash each other.
Anton is very unstable.
But they found huge success in Europe.
But Courtney keeps being sucked back into the world of Anton.
Its interesting that both Anton and Courtney both had what the other needed.
You wont be disappointed.
The music and careers of the two bands are simply backdrop.
The Dandies do not come off well in their comments.
Make a lot of great music.
You can download all his work at his website.
He could be making a mint.
Most of the extras are on disc two.
If you are a music fan or documentary fan this is a must see.
A really cool flick.
A must for any music snob.
You do not really have to know about the bands to enjoy the movie.
The only thing is required is an open mind.
Just watch this film and enjoy.
I have seen this movie on several different occasions.
They are really in for a surprise when they see this film.
These are the people who really enjoy the film.
It will flat out tell you in the beginning the definition of campy.
It should have also given the adjective meaning of cheese.
You will see some decent actors and then find others really terrible.
Her air time in the film was pretty short though.
The Supporting cast are too good.
Songs were too suiting the scenes and going along well with the movie.
The situation of tragedy was artificially created.
But I kept waiting for the punch and it never came.
These kinds of things DO happen.
Really sorry but the reality of the WORLD is that they DO happen.
I highly recommend this movie.
Fortunately there are a few funny scenes from time to time.
Mainly because of my feelings at the end.
I and all the people around me were simply touched.
This is something you do not often feel .
The chemistry between the two also lifts the movie.
A beautiful and funny movie that I would recommend to anyone.
do not let the subject matter put you off.
And it is still not at the top of my list.
But the overall effect is commendable and rewarding.
The Theory of Flight grabbed me and held my interest.
Helena Bonham Carter is the center of this movie.
The movie itself was good not exceptional.
If you are a Helena Bonham Carter fan it is worth seeing.
I saw this film without to know what about were.
This movie truly captures the feeling of freedom.
and what the freedom of your own integrity is worth.
The story mirrors life.
It is one of my all time favorites.
not easy to find but worth the hunt.
Family and friends feel the same way about it.
This movie is really romantic and dramatic at the same time.
This movie is their best right now.
the setting of the movie was beautiful which also is a huge attraction.
This movie is must see.
Richard is an artist that daydreams of human flight.
He builds an airplane in his garage and intends to fly it.
I found this flick ambitious and humorous.
She is a young woman suffering from A.
Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching the film.
She makes a wonderful Jane.
I was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady.
She pulled it of flawlessly.
I forgot to mention how dynamically beautiful Miss Carter looked in this movie.
Thank you for letting me express my opinion.
I never heard of this film before.
The story is well written and it is very intelligent.
The characters were believable and you really connected with them.
The subject is done with compassion as well as humor.
One comes to care deeply for the two of them.
everything is fantastic about it.
I would love to have this on video.
It only was shown on t.
I could watch it all over again.
Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey.
It is that and more.
Even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time.
I saw that movie few days ago.
i think it was an amazing movie.
This film caught me by surprise.
This film has it all.
A melancholy violin tune fades with this image.
Until he sees the dot of light streaking across the October sky.
Then he wants to build a rocket.
The book on guided missile design that Miss Riley gives Homer is red.
The reds are fleeting hints of a world that Homer only dreams of.
He pulls of every scene with sheer class.
The acting in this movie was superb.
It is a story that shows real world success through hard work and determination.
Actually these two works shot from two different cultures provide interesting comparison.
I loved October Sky.
The thing I loved most had to be the music.
This is done by playing songs from the late Fifties.
The music now fits the mood of the film perfectly.
The Rocket Boys went on to make great lives for themselves.
I went on to get my degrees in Physics and Computer Engineering.
had on the U.
in those Cold War days.
who will thank you many times.
I can honestly say I never expected this movie to be good.
I do not like family films.
And the music was very boring and bland.
So a few plus points.
I finally saw the movie and I was very impressed.
The director also made character that you could relate to.
The casting adds to its perfection.
Not one actor feels out of place.
The songs were quite disappointing but they will sound better after watching them.
It is the epitome of an American story that is well done.
He is a perfect actor.
Even the rest of the performances are extremely well.
The background score was fine.
One of those movies which definitely inspires you for all of your life.
An amazing inspiring movie along with loads of entertainment.
Not to be missed.
They were shocked to say the least.
The title summed up everything in the movie since the movie revolves around Sputnik.
I just accidentally stumbled over this film on TV one day.
He and his friends begin to build rockets.
The story is well written.
The story is good.
The characters are really good.
You get to know these characters and you get sympathy for them.
They are well written and believable.
This is a good looking movie.
This all sets the mood of the film very good.
The acting is really good.
As for the rest of the cast they are good too.
All together this makes out a pretty strong cast.
All in all I'm glad I caught this movie.
October Sky is a good and interesting movie.
I figured I would see the movies that I missed.
I even shed a tear at the finale of this wonderful tale.
This movie appeals to all ages.
He is next shown reading or dictating a letter to Dr.
Von Braun offering condolences about the failure.
Von Braun was at Marshall space flight center in Huntsville working for the Army.
Here too the film is effective and it should make some parents think.
Remarkable restraint is shown in depicting their delicate relationship.
Perfectly played all around.
You will never look at the October sky quite the same again.
Homer is not exited about that future.
The performances in this movie are absolutely riveting from start to finish.
The characters are also extremely well developed.
But that is just a minor complaint.
As the story goes this is a story from engagement to marriage.
A movie you can watch with your entire family around you.
A movie you will hate watching alone.
I would like to have a little less tension between the two.
That tag line is true.
Dress was accurate and they had their slang down too.
And nothing can match the scene when Homer sees Sputnik for the first time.
Yet what makes the film so endearing is the relationship between the characters.
but he has a soft side as well.
The love and support of Miss Riley is evident as well.
This film can be considered a complete work.
that is what a good film does to a person.
Every time you see it is so suspenseful.
This is about a new kid in town named Billy.
Billy has to eat 10 worms in one day or the bully wins.
The kid actors over exaggerate on many things.
They think it is apocalypse if Billy does not eat the worms.
I was able to watch this movie without looking at the time.
The film is just the sweetest thing you will see ever.
Saw this today with my 8 year old.
I thought it was cute.
All of the kids are pretty good and all in all pretty entertaining.
Hilarity ensues with a bunch of different way to cook the worms.
I really liked the movie.
it is a weekend i have been watched this funny film.
and i really like it.
nice acting as well.
simple story but cool shooting.
Further complicating things is Joe the bully.
His freckled face and sleeveless shirts are daunting.
But Fried Worms is wonderfully disgusting.
To raise the stakes the worms must be consumed by 7 pm.
International leaders can learn a thing or two about global peacekeeping from Fried Worms.
I sat with my children as we watched this film.
We all found it to be a very entertaining movie.
I wont tell you if he wins the bet or not.
This was refreshing for me.
But it sure took the grossness factor to a high level.
This is a family movie that is not just tolerable for the parents.
The relationship with the little brother is so close to real life.
I thought the kids in the movie were great.
I would like to see more of him on the big screen.
I enjoyed his reactions to the situations that he found himself in.
Often kids in this age group do things without thinking through the consequences.
Almost all of the actors did this throughout the movie.
It is a major problem in schools today.
The ending was quite unexpected.
How he handled that situation was excellent.
Too often today kids are not willing to compromise.
The actors in this movie showed that compromise is an important part of life.
The film may sound gross but there are a lot of messages in it.
It also shows you why some bullies resort to bullying other children.
It is a feel good fun film and not just Fear Factor for kids.
This is the most simple and cute movies that I have seen this year.
Coming back to the movie.
Both understand each other .
Go see this movie.
I just have to say one word.
Her smile really warms up the screen.
Movies nowadays tend to show adult authority figures as buffoons.
It was also nice to see Andrea Martin getting some work.
The acting and story are wonderful if you can stomach the concept.
We had even more fun the second time around and everyone raved about it.
The show is really funny.
Jokes and one liners are really good.
With little extra tuning it can become a very popular show.
But the only major negative point of this show is the cast.
with an experience of all the problems a married couple face in a relationship.
Cast is really very important for viewers to like it.
The bad acting certainly will take the show downhill.
This is now one of my favorite comedy shows.
His dry sense of humor has me rolling all the time.
Do yourself a favor.
I hope this series has a long run.
Surely a live audience could have been used in the shooting of the series.
It works for him.
I hope for all the actors sakes that CBS gives them a chance.
A nice ensemble of characters.
I do not know how David Spade will be in his role.
He is best enjoyed in small doses.
He also seems a little old to still be trolling for women.
I enjoyed the pilot and I look forward to seeing how the series develops.
the CG is not too bad.
i have seen worse.
i think the gist of the story is original though.
i also liked the music.
I have never seen such a movie before.
I never thought such horrible acting existed it was all just too funny.
I guess hopping the border solves all problems.
Bad Hollywood movies will seem like heaven when compared to this.
I liked Host but not my absolute favorite.
Though there were some funny lines and gangs throughout the movie which surprised me.
Now on to the parts that i think could have been better.
Korea who saw it early.
I am in the US and just saw it today.
They really loved it and that made me feel good.
The CG is good.
Acting and directing are horrible.
Storyline is extremely simple.
This made the viewing experience far more exciting than it should have been.
Naturally they fall in love.
You can pretty much figure out the rest of the plot yourself.
Lola Lane especially is just lousy trying to play Mona for comedy.
I give it a 7.
That ended the Hollywood Hotel program in 1938.
Of course both Powell and Louella went on to other radio venues.
Richard Whiting and Johnny Mercer provide a really nice score for the film.
And you know what you can expect from Edgar Kennedy exasperation.
That together with Frances Langford singing as well.
She is not the only real person in the script.
This film also was one of the first in the career of young Mr.
But the original song lyric referred to looking like Tyrone Power.
The worst aspects are due to it is time.
I can not believe currently this movie is rated a 6.
It was really refreshing to see a movie that showed traditional family cinema.
With everything you could want in a film.
Huge battle scenes and lots of other action.
Kind of like an old swashbuckler film.
Totally entertaining from start to finish.
The editing was fast and you are never bored for a second.
The story is like a classic story of trouble in the Royal Household.
The actors are beautiful and the sets magnificent.
The costumes are spectacular and the stunt work is imaginative.
The special effects are amazing too.
Gary Stretch is really impressive as an actor and gorgeous to look at.
He looks like a sure bet for Super Stardom.
He is one of the great actors of our time.
All in all this is an amazing Independent film.
See it for sure.
I highly recommend it.
The way it shows the various communities leaving together in Thailand is very interesting.
The wardrobe is fine.
The film is also done locally in Thailand in a reasonable production.
I learned a long time ago to see the humor in things.
Everyone enjoyed the film and it actually inspired wonderful discussions.
She based the character on a real person.
I left the theater with a smile on my face.
Mindy Sterling is in it and is very good.
I loved her in Austin Powers.
I remember him from Head of the Class.
I am tired of all the dark edgy movies that keep getting made.
I will definitely buy it.
I saw a screener of this film recently at work.
What really makes this film stand out I think is the writing.
They need to make more movies like Domestic Import.
I have not seen a movie this cute since My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
I loved Mindy Sterling as the mother.
She was also in Austin Powers.
Things get further and further out of control until.
This film just put me in a good mood.
Domestic Import was a great movie.
I laughed the whole time.
The acting was great.
I highly recommend this movie.
a pure reality bytes film.
I liked this movies.
Think back to all of those films.
The film is good too.
Its a bit slow at first but keeps you entertained.
There is almost no comedy but it does make you smile often enough.
There will be lots of women crying at the end of the film.
And if you are not it will inform and may be scare you .
Overall a very good looking film.
I thought the movie was OK.
the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed.
The rest is just details.
A set of talented actors helps him portrait a wide variety of characters.
Well i do disagreed with the other comment posted.
5 different women are coping with their male partners and families.
I highly recommend it.
Several story lines are interwoven here around different women characters.
The shoes they wear serve as an indication of their troubled lives.
All are transformed at the end of the movie.
Other characters are used to connect the five main women characters.
In editing small connections are made between the scenes.
are used to make the connection and fast cuts.
This is often compared to Magnolia because the structure is the same.
But they are different.
This has more the ability to translate emotion and atmosphere visually.
It could also be seen as a kind of documentary.
Well shown emotions and passion of people and crowd.
A story woven around a marriage.
The movie is about the fact that engagement leads to love.
Director has definitely given it much thought and actors have done it to perfection.
But it gives us an idea of how it was like.
All the actors are very good and even the smallest roles are played wonderfully.
Lisbon looks beautiful as ever.
Not that I get to do that very often anyway.
The Idea offers a multidimensional look at a community assigned to hoods and dealers.
The genre is unique and not the typical expectation.
It carries multiply messages which include a very rapid character development.
I have rated this film at the highest possible rating.
I look forward to viewing the sequence.
I is a blessing and with the blessing the emotion is followed by shame.
After watching the film i was so impressed by the work.
You can see the intention in the design from the start to the finish.
The character development is amazing.
It is so interesting where did this guy come from.
Now he is probably the key independent African filmmaker in the world.
Showing the artistic diversity.
I just love the mild comedy in it.
The injection of comedy also makes watching the film an enjoyable experience.
I am eagerly looking forward to your next product.
Hope that you will continue to provide us with quality entertainment.
and believe me it is an awesome movie.
SPOILERS CONTAINED IN ORDER TO MAKE A OBSERVATION.
Morris Day and other supporting actors provide comedic elements.
Purple Rain is so cool for the dad.
We Are Tracking 921 callers from Minneapolis.
It is time we have pulled the plug on the 1984 movies.
Our 20th Century Fox Fans are not watching anymore.
And I really mean that.
This is now one of my favorites.
I must add that it has a killer soundtrack.
This film is outstanding and wonderfully scored.
Very cool landmark film.
the breathtaking concert stuff is worth seeing it.
Prince does need to stay clear of acting in the future though.
He takes himself way to serious.
I have to admit that Purple Rain is one of my deepest guilty pleasures.
Prince is a musical genius and created beautiful music.
Prince later on had a fallout with Warner Bros.
The entire main cast were just playing themselves.
I have actually watched and analyzed the work and effort put into the movie.
They were always friends.
Prince made sure that every moment in the movie was done perfectly.
If you really love music this is definitely the movie to watch.
When Purple Rain came out I still knew very little about this fellow Minnesotan.
The movie blew me away.
Prince concert where we sat next to his mother.
I have seen it over 17 times and absolutely love it.
I rank it among the Best Movie Musicals of all time.
He was chatting with his mom.
So one Saturday it came on fuse and i decided to watch it.
If you are a Prince fan this is for you.
There are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming.
Sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works.
Very hit and miss.
No one can really act in the film.
And I thought he was only great at singing boy was I wrong.
This is probably his best performance.
The music is great.
Now he has an Oscar and Grammies under his belt.
Certainly the best this year until now.
It is as simple a story for a movie as it can get.
But that is exactly where the art of the movie lies.
This is not about things and people that have gone bad.
Prince is so tight in this movie.
The music is untouchable.
So if you have not seen this then you are need to asap.
There is no debate about his musical talent either then or now.
EVERYONE was caught up.
It got so popular that it became ridiculous.
But i think all the actors were well picked.
The movie had a great story.
Critics say that its a drama but i think its more of a romance.
I'm so glad I have seen this movie.
I cried more than once.
The cast are good.
Clarence Williams is very good as the abusive father as well.
The main strength of the movie however is the superb soundtrack.
The musical numbers are well staged and electrifying.
It even makes Michael Jackson seem inanimate even in his peak years.
I had never seen Richard Thomas play a bad guy.
But this astounded me.
The movie is engrossing and fast paced.
The real talent here is Thomas.
A visual challenge to all those who put their eye behind the lens.
I can not wait to see what your next feature will be.
I will be with you all the way.
This is a real horror film with some truly wonderful horror moments.
I feel that the ending has occluded this film from higher acclaim.
It is shot in a rather naive fashion.
After the abrupt and unbelievably lazy ending I was left feeling disappointed.
I finally got around to seeing this after hearing great things about it.
It actually exceeded my expectations.
The only thing missing from the film was an original storyline.
Very good except for the ending which was a huge disappointment.
The script was very good as was the acting.
This affect was ruined by the extremely unbelievable ending.
Who ever came up with story is one sick person.
I would watch that over and over.
Call it hard or soft or something stupid like that.
I'm only giving this movie a 9 because you FREAKED ME OUT FREAKS.
The actors look like they have a fun time.
My girlfriends like the boy actors and my boyfriends like the girl actors.
If this actors make other scary movies i will watch them.
He make us laugh together the most.
i would give this movie a high score if you ask me.
the actor with the grand chest has to be not real.
Timothy Dalton is amazing as Rochester.
I love the sets and the location.
All the talent Mr.
Right from the first scene it affects you.
All in all a brilliant film.
hats off to Mr.
John never quite gelled.
I give this an 8.
But watching this one almost equals to reading the book.
The cast of 1983 Jane Eyre is excellent.
I saw it as a full length movie in 2006.
It was only faithful to the avarice and arrogance of Hollywood.
Artistic license to the great works in literature is nothing short of plagiarism.
Using the title after such license is fraud.
The two leads play off each other beautifully.
This is the most perfect adaptation of the best romance novel ever.
A love that is wonderfully portrayed and totally believable.
I need not divulge anything in the way of plot here.
this was a fabulous adaptation of Jane Eyre.
i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid.
in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character.
i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her.
i think they made a bad choice in casting her.
but Dalton was absolutely wonderful as Rochester.
he makes this version of Jane Eyre worth seeing.
i know it was made in the eighties for TV.
This version however was very true to the novel and very well filmed.
I would love to see those two do Jane Eyre.
I always want to go back and read the book again.
He has made the movie with FULL CONVICTION.
I also liked the acting of all others for ex.
It almost seemed as real and recognizable as it could.
Scott movie when I stumbled across the summary and reviews for this version.
Some people have criticized the casting.
Some of the criticisms baffle me.
The book goes on ad infinitum about how small and plain Jane is.
She can scarcely help it if Dalton is tall.
Some say there is no chemistry between the leads.
I do agree with some of the other criticisms.
I too missed more scenes with Helen Burns and the Rivers siblings.
Some of the dialog was oddly truncated.
The conclusion is too abrupt.
She only just met him and he asks her bluntly what she thinks.
I recommend it to all true Jane Eyre fans.
I can not imagine anyone else in their roles.
I strongly recommend this version of the classic Bronte tale.
I do not regret picking this version and neither will you.
I would say God personally led me to this version.
It points to true love for a humans.
Rochester and Jane are rendered in nearly their full length.
Another problem is the casting of the main characters.
She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight.
Timothy Dalton in particular plays that scene with superb skill.
This review comes nearly 30 years late.
The whole movie was put together beautifully.
I do not care what anyone says about this movie.
The excerpts from Jane Eyre spooked me a little back in school.
The scenes and Mr.
Bravo to the whole team and especially to Mr.
Both Dalton and Clarke are very believable as Rochester and Jane.
The best one for me.
I could never imagine anyone else playing these characters ever again.
I would like to see it again because it is so good.
And it still is.
This production is a lengthy watch but well worth it.
William Russ did a grand job as Hank.
I was irritated at first.
The lighting in this version is bad.
And the sound is poorly recorded.
I felt like I was listening to a high school play.
And the sets do not fully convey the Gothic mood of the novel.
with all those objections .
The critics of this production say it is too close to the book.
Bronte wrote a darn good book.
And Timothy Dalton is nothing if not stunningly handsome.
But Dalton gives a mesmerizing performance as Rochester.
He just blew me away.
Rochester is meant to be a bit scary.
Dalton hits it out of the park.
Some described her a cold or boring.
I had no idea what Jane Eyre was before I saw this miniseries.
This Jane Eyre miniseries completely changed my conceptions.
Timothy Dalton is an amazing Rochester.
The plot is both haunting and inspiring.
This is the best version of Jane Eyre to ever appear on film.
Jane Eyre is now my favorite film and book.
Timothy Dalton is just a tad too good looking to be Mr.
Rosamund Oliver is in it.
she was completely cut out of the VHS.
with maybe some interviews with the stars.
it is that simple.
Jane becomes a governess in the household of the rich Mr.
DOUBLE EXPOSURE was a tremendous surprise.
but there is more to the picture than he is seeing.
This film never received the praise it deserves.
DOUBLE EXPOSURE is a gem of its kind.
A solid and enjoyable picture.
To call this episode brilliant feels like too little.
Second part is what happens in real life.
in this episode its about his preparation for his Death.
Like every sopranos episode the acting and filming is superb.
gonna re watch it till i get this.
This brief review may contain spoilers.
Tony has come out of the coma for only a moment.
His boys take A.
He takes off his shoes and goes to the phone.
He sits down and looks out his window.
10 out of 10.
You find out what the light is.
what Tony can not get to.
Tony was initially not too concerned about getting to heaven.
At first I saw the name vs.
We do not actually know if Tony will live or die.
com and thought the premise looked interesting so I took a look see.
This pet is like any other creature we would consider a pet.
She decides to bring him in and fix his cuts.
When she gets home however she finds that he is still there.
It takes a little while to warm up to it.
Dead To Rights is also a hard game.
Dead To Rights is as gory as it is hard.
Family fun for everyone.
I cant wait to see it.
They have been handled perfectly.
They have not been spoiled.
Each word in the song is very philosophical and meaningful.
The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie.
She is ill treated by her step mother and she runs away from home.
She has forgotten her childhood and Dev too.
Overall it is a good film.
This one grew on me.
I love the R.
that are just distracting.
This relationship has several aspects which have not been exploited in movies or novels.
This movie treats the subject in an entirely different light.
Hare Rama Hare Krishna was the biggest hit movie of 1971.
This soon leads to a split in the family.
The brother goes with the mother and the sister with the father.
The music is superbly provided by the late R.
The fleshing in is really left to the viewer .
I also enjoyed that.
I also felt the romance parts of this movie were well played.
He treats the viewer with the best acting performance of his career.
Smith and Travis make the movie.
As for the rest of the cast none of them really stand out.
But I have to said that I enjoyed so much this movie.
that at the end I was happy.
this movie is a little spoon of hope in these days.
And the main lesson for me.
is that at the end of the day.
the love is main force behind us.
This is a good option to see a good movie in Spanish.
and I have to mention the good music.
specially the main song of the movie.
And what a surprise.
A day in the lives of two people close to the median age.
The mermaid cult that eventually saves Genie makes no sense whatsoever.
I know I have no idea.
There is an extended sex scene.
Talent is just wasted.
Even the family names of the two families are part of the fun.
I watched it and absolutely loved it.
Yes there were Italian stereotypes but it was done well and funny.
It was not degrading in any way.
Every actor and actress did a superb job.
I laughed very hard at the sexual humor.
It is adorable and just plain fun to watch.
It was extremely funny.
The parents are hilarious.
They are caterers as well as enemies.
The kids play the parts of Romeo and Juliet in the church play.
They fall in love and their parents try to keep them apart.
Surprisingly they still want to get married in the end of the movie.
If you do not mind those you will have a blast watching this one.
The reasoning then surely seemed sound.
00 in depression era money to make the purchase.
Tears appear as the little guy leaves dejectedly.
WE were quite surprised that no HENRY Series followed.
A delightfully unpretentious send up of Romeo and Juliet.
Bad reviews were due to a snobbishness about treatments of Shakespeare.
See it in the right frame of mind and you will laugh out loud.
This movie is much better than I expected.
The rest of the film is David trying to get her back.
This movie is visually stunning.
Who cares if she can act or not.
Each scene is a work of art composed and captured by John Derek.
He has a plan.
But she will continue to see him in her dreams.
I disagree with that criticism.
In addition it is a realistic portrait of medieval society.
Her father treats her like dirt.
Her Muslim lover deserts her at a very inopportune time.
Highly recommended to fans of disturbing exploitation cinema.
At least for a half hour a week.
I really like the Middle earth action figures they bring in with Hunter.
Most of the other characters are interesting as well.
This is definitely for 16 and up.
Otherwise I may never find a reason to watch the big 3 again.
There is so much that can be said about this film.
She is a woman and that is all there is to it.
This is a serious work deserving rediscovery and restoration of its unjustly tarnished reputation.
The film is slightly gruesome and sleazy at times.
You can not go wrong with it.
8 out of 10.
She had beauty that a rainbow would be embarrassed by .
I loved the original as much as the new .
This movie is pretty good.
But first i thought that it was the original film.
But I still think that it is pretty good.
The actors and special effects were good.
I wish they would produce more episodes.
Or perhaps a movie.
He nevertheless manages to shoot some of the dumbest ninjas in the world.
So glad that you all enjoyed the film.
This is one of the finest examples of Depression era cinema.
Hold Your Man is one of the exceptions.
Thank goodness the code was not enforced until 1934.
The last fifteen minutes have me crying every time.
A truly sweet romance.
She goes up on an accomplice to manslaughter.
Her interaction with the other female prisoners give her some very good scenes.
I think some of the material was later used for the MGM classic Caged.
Still it is Harlow who gets to shine in this film.
Indeed all of them are stereotypes but that is what makes them so funny.
Despite their cynicism and cons they fall in love.
And the direction is much better than you would expect from Sam Wood.
The plot and acting are pretty good.
I bought this one as soon as it was available.
My wife and I have watched this movie twice.
Both of us used to be in the Military.
It was simple and yet so nice.
It had a bitter kind of hummer in it.
I have to say I had my reservations.
Everything about this show screamed EXCELLENCE.
No small feat considering those movies took years to be developed.
Not everything was perfect.
Putting the old jokes in a new show is definitely the wrong approach.
But please do not dwell on something everybody already knows by heart.
I am certainly looking forward to the next episode.
You actually think that you are watching a documentary.
The dialogs between the girls and the privates were executed delicately and astonishingly believable.
This is a totally delightful and unexpected film.
If Iran win they will get into the 2006 World Cup in Germany.
Yet it is the small scale that gives the film its bite.
Still the prohibition persists.
He is equally effective despite being conventional.
Paternity will never let the women to be empowered.
She is merely permitted to listen to the live commentary.
Her alias could not work for her.
From the very beginning her worried father ran here and there for her daughter.
Those Glory Glory Days 4.
A Shot at Glory 5.
The Arsenal Stadium Mystery.
Not a bad film.
The ending on the bus was exhilarating.
One hopes that future will come sooner rather than later.
The supporting characters are absolutely hilarious.
This show was well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.
but if you are looking to be offended .
It is about the government trying to keep the people down.
An analogy so clear that the government felt the need to ban the movie.
The ridiculous situation is well captured.
I found it made the characters compelling viewing.
The greatest pity is it will not be released domestically.
Fine performances all round.
This film does the opposite.
A comedy of errors and chaos follows in which the girl escapes.
Cops and prisoners are all joined in a common excitement now.
The US State Dept.
I enjoyed this movie intensely.
Its a MUST see.
One of the best foreign films I have seen in years.
Cinema is dead but still very lively.
This is forbidden in Iran as we are informed.
The absurdity of the laws becomes comical.
I guess that he can be thought as an activist director.
The best are the characters .
My vote is nine.
But of course it is about sexism.
Women are lower forms of human beings.
You will get touched at the same time as you have lots of laughs.
This is in many ways a heroic comedy.
The filming the actual match and aftermath was astonishing.
Perhaps the constraints there force directors to be extremely resourceful.
your heart is made of stone b.
I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Seeing how much this meant to the people of Iran was deeply touching.
The Duke was a guy who really could act well.
His facial expressions and body language could be extremely subtle.
Many of his good intentions came a cropper.
The set pieces were complex and detailed.
A lot of money and thought had been applied to it.
Script was good without being too wordy.
It was nice to see plenty of genuine orientals on the set.
But anyway they looked the part.
The script was better for a start.
All this is true and shown in the film.
My first reaction the first time I saw this movie was one of surprise.
The film moves with a quiet realism through its superficially unexciting story.
There are two intertwining stories.
The human story is a reflection of the greater story of the two nations.
The movie is very well done and all actors play their roles well.
The two lead roles are performed to perfection.
The script is very well written.
It lacks all pomposity.
The Baron responds that Japan just wants to be left alone.
An interesting look at Japan prior to opening to the West.
He is not welcome.
Everyone here is stuck in a gangster film.
And what happens is transcendental murder.
There are few similar films.
But the search will be worth it.
You can not watch it once.
Dark City is better.
The Volcano is more fun.
or at least to think twice before shooting again.
I would recommend the video for an evening of family entertainment.
I love this movie.
I found it very entertaining.
Definitely worth a rental.
What the critics were up to is really a mystery.
I originally saw this very dark comedy around 2000 or so on cable TV.
It is not a film for everyone.
It is worth paying attention to.
The movie is driven by characterization and symbolism which is very rich.
Thats why the user comments on this movie is so mixed.
A place of love and danger.
A movie that you can see more than one time.
This movie is great.
In fact it is a new vernacular.
One of the few films that can be watched repeatedly with deepening appreciation.
The world is a terrible place.
But this movie is farce and it is fun.
And if you do not like it.
you do not get it.
and if you do not get.
Every actor in this one had fun.
And that is good enough for me.
Gabriel Byrne is priceless.
I am a lover of black comedy.
The supporting cast is nearly dead center.
dear god where do i begin.
this is bar none the best movie i have ever seen.
the camera angles are great but in my opinion the acting was the best.
another is the cast.
i believe this movie is truly the most wonderful thing EVER.
THIS IS BEST MOVIE.
And that is the most contrived part of all.
I suppose there was a time before O.
He was a solid actor who could play just about anything and did.
He gives an honest and touching performance here.
Very good movie with good performances.
His shows certainly brought a laughter to the American households of years back.
He would begin the show with an opening monologue.
He lost a son to leukemia at age 11 or so.
the man was pretty wide ranging and a scream.
Relax and be loose was clearly the name of the game there.
Check this out if you are a fan or curious.
He was a riot.
Scott gives a depth to the Scrooge character that the others do not give.
The movie shows more about why he becomes so bitter.
This movie has the best Tiny Tim by far.
Anthony Walters still has all or most of his baby teeth.
He is such a versatile actor.
He portrays a man who clearly loves his family.
Edward Woodward is the best Ghost of Christmas Present I have ever seen.
Most often he is played as a jolly Santa type character.
In this he shows anger at Scrooges attitudes and really makes Scrooge reconsider.
The costumes and the sets really bring the London of Dickens time to life.
An MGM MINIATURE Short Subject.
I hope to see them cast in more projects soon.
Not a bad thing to be at all.
It is just the right sort of entertainment for a Sunday evening.
For me this movie was powerful.
This movie brought back some vivid memories.
Minor flaws I overlooked.
It was the relationships between the characters that got me.
Beautifully acted and real situations.
I have been in a couple of them.
A small gem of a movie.
But I'm more prosy than poetic.
And it was rather cleverly portrayed.
Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what.
This is such an incredible film.
This is one movie you do not want to miss.
I give this film 10 stars out of 10.
Well done to all concerned.
The ending is nicely done as well.
I have seen The Perfect Son about three times.
The musical score is endearing and heart warming.
The story about Madelene Moore really touches you.
This film really leaves you thinking.
And i think that basically due to the great acting of Brooke Johnson.
I hope to see her in another film soon.
This is a great film.
The direction is without question breathless.
Good work to the team.
Man was she hot in this movie.
Ursula was smoking hot in this movie.
Even one in the house seems to be knocking the boots.
to her ancient client.
Erotic scenes involving other women include an amusing naked wine cellar chase.
German residents will understand what I'm talking about.
Watching the series in German is super.
The two main characters work beautifully together.
Some of my favorite wrestling moments took place on this stage.
I would be here a while listing everyone.
He also feels unhappy and unsatisfied in his Job.
Its expression is fantastic.
I cried more watching Click but there are some similar points.
I do not think another director could give these emotions in such a way.
A powerfully wonderful movie.
The former roommates rekindle their friendship and strengthen their former bond.
The opening scene of this movie confirmed my worst fears.
I almost gave up then and there.
There are some funny parts in it.
Definitely his best in my opinion.
He also let his parents stay in his huge apartment in New York City.
When Alan tries to befriends with Charlie again.
When Alan nearly feels comfortable with Charlie.
Back to the movie.
One of the best movies of 2007.
There is inherent danger in the process.
His reward for helping Charlie is helping himself reconnect with what he has lost.
What we have got here is a Situation.
At the end they are forced to let it go.
You can not fix people.
Alan has a new patient who is propositioning him.
His libido seems to be lurking ready to revive at any minute.
It was a very moving picture.
Somehow you know this story is going to have a happy ending.
Scott in the wonderful 1970 adaptation of Jane Eyre.
This is an unwelcome surprise to Dr.
Johnson since he is a married man with two children.
Some people may never feel loneliness at this level.
I see Oscars somewhere here.
A very fine film.
He is every man.
Alan vows to help his old friend come to terms with the terrible loss.
This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me.
Alan is stuck in a life that he knows is no longer fulfilling.
He feels friendless and out of touch with his own reality.
He is unable to communicate with his wife and his associates at work.
He chances upon Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job.
His landlady is his protector and great enabler.
Alan reties his friendship with Charlie and they become close to each other.
My vote is seven.
He might even be typecast for characters with such hidden anger problems.
Almost every main character in Reign Over Me gives a great performance.
They completely owned this movie.
The feel of this movie was amazing.
His character was really interesting.
This movie is definitely worth the watch.
This version of the Charles Dickens novel features George C Scott as the Scrooge.
a fine cast supports him in the very good adaption.
A Modern day holiday classic on a scale of one to ten.
I was a suspect for murder until the autopsy came back.
Now about this movie.
Go see this movie with tissues and not without preparing to take it in.
This was the first movie that has made me cry in a long time.
Greetings again from the darkness.
just by watching him work a jigsaw puzzle.
This movie is great for a mature intelligent audience.
This film is about loss and coping.
Last but not least is the beautiful Saffron Burrows.
I saw this at a screening last night too.
He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that comes through in this role.
Reign over Me does not disappoint.
I feel there is no need to tell you anything more.
Do yourself a favor and take the time to see this movie.
you are a heartless soul.
Adam plays two levels very well.
He laughs too much.
Dennis Hopper is the bad guy and no one plays them better.
The plot is so tight that you are hooked within the first fifteen minutes.
Cain would have appreciated it.
It defines Nicholas Cage.
The plot is intricate and totally absorbing.
The ending will blow you away.
See it whenever you have the opportunity.
A surprise thriller with more twists and double crosses than a doodle pad.
Innocent Nick Cage gets recruited for a hit.
Dennis Hopper plays a real Hit Man.
Lara Flynn Boyle is dangerous.
And small town America does not seem all that safer than the Big City.
Hopper is a love him or hate him kind of guy.
Scott is absolutely amazing and totally believable as Scrooge.
The supporting cast is equally spectacular.
Little details add much to the enjoyment.
which show just how much computers have evolved in 21 years.
Consequently when he is mistaken by Mr J.
He also mails a letter to the local sheriff exposing the plot and splits.
The film was very well cast.
The best performance was by the late J.
Walsh who was menacing without appearing to be.
Walsh was a great character actor who left us much too soon.
Though I did not have much of an opinion in regards to last seduction.
But nowadays Mr Dahl has resorted to directing television shows.
Its a shame since the man had talent.
But Cage decides to split after taking the upfront payment without doing it.
There were too many close up frames.
However this does not deter the movie from being an enjoyable experience.
The movie had good pace and the structure was perfect.
His facial expressions were on the mark.
Her hairstyle was far out and can make any guy go on his knees.
Hopper played his part well.
But I feel he was miscast for this role.
The role was not written keeping his personality in mind.
Due to the fact that some sub plots are similar.
He pays him to kill his wife and make it look like burglary.
She offers him double to kill Wayne.
There really was a sense of fun to this.
But this might be his regular look.
See the film and judge for yourselves.
This movie started me on a Nick Cage kick.
Dennis Hopper is at his best here.
The sets and the music contribute a great deal to almost every scene.
This is one of those movies.
Any film featuring J.
I look forward to more like this from director John Dahl.
It is impossible at any moment to predict what will happen next.
Nothing is as it appears or ends as you think it will.
The characters are all gritty and engaging.
Cage is at his best.
Dennis Hopper again shows his delightfully sinister side.
Not a slow minute in this film.
Walsh as the heavy.
The expansiveness of the big sky country provides a wonderful setting.
disguised as other characters.
Lara Flynn Boyle is fun to watch for a bunch of reasons.
You will have fun watching this.
The music is sweet.
The supporting cast is very well done.
Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge.
Some have said his portrayal too gruff.
This is where we see that there is hope for him.
I think that is a HUGE part of what Dickens was trying to say.
Sometimes they get left on the editing room floor.
it invariably becomes their favorite Christmas album.
I saw this movie only after hearing raves about it for years.
This is the familiar tale of the woes of inventing the perfect everyday product.
always the stiff upper lip when under fire.
6 out of 10.
it really is a classic of sorts.
It still looks the same now.
A man who finds those smaller than himself to be inferior.
We all know the story and the quotes.
The book is one of the most cherished works in the English language.
This film version portrays all of that quite beautifully.
I love this movie.
I enjoyed this film.
But I was surprised to see people referring to it as a comedy.
There was something magical and useful in Science.
The theme of workers v.
I'm always astonished by the wonderful direction in these films as well.
This film is no exception.
Guinness is a nerdy little scientist that works for a textile company.
Two men block his way.
A secretary is sitting outside at her desk.
There is silence until the buzzer begins signaling her frantically.
The following example would be unthinkable today.
Again and again it explodes.
The laboratory is cleared of all other work.
Windows are blown out.
When the door behind him opens he jumps a foot in the air.
He bumps against a pedestal with an iron bust on it.
The bust topples backward and bumps against the wall.
There is a shot lasting about one second of the bust hitting the wall.
I will not go on with this.
And of course the economic implications have to do with more than cloth.
The roster of performers is peerless.
Joanne Greenwood with that husky voice.
The blithering Cecil Parker.
He manages to push himself into various industrial labs in the textile industry.
He sees Guinness as selling out to the rich.
They seek to suppress the invention.
As such it is brilliant.
This is science fiction in its purest form and droll comedy as well.
The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element.
The political machinations actually carry the story.
I love the symbolism of this guy in a glowing white suit.
She is sick and tired of money and power.
The funny thing is that it is not even romance.
What a wonderful droll commentary the film provides even after all these years.
And Guinness helps to weave the charm into every frame.
His eyes and face are as luminous as that white suit he wears.
Both he and the film have to be considered lifetime favorites.
If only someone would release in America.
America must know this series.
He was also aware that the meaner of the locals could be cruel.
In very bad ways.
The photography is excellent as well.
This movie is a classic in every sense of the word.
It is very entertaining and also very disturbing.
The acting in this movie is well done.
It is definitely worth watching.
This movie is a masterpiece.
We see it in the bow fishing.
We see it in the home made tent.
and this IS a very disturbing film.
Little did they know what would happen next.
The photography and sets are realistic and natural.
This was before the days of Wes Craven.
You will enjoy this film.
Everyone should see this movie for the experience.
Just do not expect a picnic.
The location was really chosen well.
The lush forests and gentle landscape only make the horror more horrible.
The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy.
I was but fourteen years old.
everyone does an admirable job.
all the technical aspects of this remarkable film are first rate.
You can take that to the bank.
Life and it is unpredictable circumstance can change a man.
I guarantee your heart rate will elevated to a new level.
Ten out of ten stars.
This is one of the greatest films ever made.
His shallow fake bravery is toned down into serious resolve.
This film speaks to us on so many levels.
The story feels real.
This is one deep movie.
And this is one hell of a story.
Movies that make you think.
Movies that take you beyond having to think.
It really is that good.
You can not go your whole life without watching this film.
I have never gotten so immersed in a film as I have this one.
I can not really say much more than that.
This is not a Hollywood film.
This is without a doubt one of the best movies I have ever seen.
The first time I saw it I was about 9 or 10 years old.
I began looking sometime before the rape scene.
Magnificent acting in this movie.
A must see for all the movie lovers.
James Dickey is a wonderfully descriptive author.
The camera is as descriptive as the narration.
This one was easily the class of the group.
That says a lot.
Engrossing drama of four men on a canoing weekend down a remote river.
Then two hillbillies attack Ed and Bobby.
One of them rapes Bobby.
and the trip becomes a nightmare.
The scenery is incredibly beautiful yet this horrific violence is taking place.
The acting is mostly good.
Cox is very good especially when things start falling apart.
Also Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward are way too believable as the hillbillies.
But that is misleading beyond belief.
Some have said he was pretty unaffected by the ordeal.
Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role.
Scott has made Scrooge utterly believable and painfully human.
I want nothing from you.
Susannah York is a wonderfully tart tongued Mrs.
In that scene the brutality and edge of this film is truly visible.
As the plot goes it is very believable and never stretches past its limits.
The acting is universally excellent.
These locals imbue the film with a depth of characterization unequaled in film history.
How appropriate that the setting should be the American South.
Very few places in the U.
And that is another strength of the film.
Direction and editing are flawless.
And the acting is terrific.
Burt Reynolds has never been better.
The film has aged well.
The setting is established effectively through the opening credits.
There are no demons or bogeymen here.
They shock because their evil is petty and tangible.
The film has no peripheral characters.
This is simply a great quartet of actors.
You just really begin to feel for him.
When Dan plays guitar and sings at the Talent Show.
his voice cracking slightly as he reprises the song.
and tell him so much more than that with just a few words.
but I will end by saying.
It flows at just the right pace throughout.
The accompanying music fits perfectly and is very pleasant to the ear.
I highly recommend watching this film regardless of what genre you normally enjoy.
Marie is the girlfriend of his brother.
How it is made possible forms the rest of the story.
And every other stuff is done well.
Scott delivers the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge.
Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination.
I could watch this film on mute and be dazzled by the scenery.
A Christmas Carol is not a light story.
I loved the story.
Well maybe there ought to be.
I thought everybody seemed really human and believable.
What a top notch cast.
What great music on the soundtrack.
I gave it an eight out of ten.
I do not know any family who is like that.
Clean family oriented movie.
He should win an Oscar for his performance.
I could go on but I just thought this movie was simply awesome.
My vote is eight.
Still a fun movie.
What can one say about Ms.
The only sad note is the waste of talent in the picture.
They just serve as incidental music for decoration.
DAN IN REAL LIFE delivered that promise.
I saw a special advance screening of this today.
I ended up enjoying it quite a bit.
Besides that this movie is pretty damn hilarious.
The characters in this film are middle and lower class.
Scott captures the old miser pretty well in this film.
Worth a look see.
You can not blame a guy for being a little frightened though.
And so he became more functional than feeling.
There is only one problem really.
She is already seeing someone.
I was particularly struck by the casting of the film.
It was a wonderful break from the sex jokes and nudity of recent films.
I got to see this film at a preview and was dazzled by it.
The following two films are recommended.
But she was married.
This is a film about deep and unspoken human relationships.
There is still some weight about the history that surrounds the family.
History usually has weight in Chinese literature and serious film.
Her spirit is as bright as the other two are reserved.
Into this apparently stable world comes an unexpected visitor.
The characters are nice and portrayed nicely by its actors.
I only wished the movie its visual style would had been a bit better.
In that regard this movie most certainly does not disappoint.
and possibly closest to the Dickens story line.
Edward Woodward is everything we expect and more of the Ghost of Christmas present.
Nearly the entire cast is incredible.
Still the music and the scenery make this a must watch every holiday.
The end is very surprising and intelligent.
It is great and much better than J.
The screenplay is written tight and fast and holds the tension till the end.
He reveals some surprising evidence .
Even a real psychological experiment is used for this explanation of the crime scene.
Action takes place in fictional western state where fictional president has been killed.
10 out of 10.
This film was enjoyable but for the wrong reasons.
White Fire has so much going for it.
this flick ends up delivering on all cylinders.
and I was very glad that I did.
What can you say about the film White Fire.
Our movie begins in the woods of a country somewhere in the world.
A family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in costume shop uniforms.
Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship.
So I heartily encourage everyone to behold the majesty that is White Fire.
You may be glad you did.
Later a wound while fighting in the Sudan is the catalyst for his blindness.
Her evil tart reminds me of Bette Davis in Of Human Bondage.
A movie that certainly stands alone.
I am a huge John Denver fan.
I have a large collection of his music on vinyl.
I saw this Christmas special when it was originally on TV and loved it.
I have the original vinyl album and CD.
I have the original CD and later release.
The later release is missing several songs though.
I see that it has been released this year with all original songs.
To me no amount is worth selling this treasure.
It is my favorite Christmas CD.
I would love to have either version.
If anyone has one available please let me know.
All section of audience can watch this movie particularly children will enjoy this film.
It is a enjoyable holiday movie for one and all.
I liked this movie very much.
My favorite scene is with the baby elephant part.
I rate this movie at 7.
And that is all there is to it.
This film is a rhapsody.
I must see this poetic little piece again as soon as possible.
This is not light commercial Hollywood stuff.
Lola still grieves the death of their son Augustin some time ago.
My vote is eight.
I really do not know why everyone says it has a slow pace.
I thought the pace was perfect.
He had nothing and Mr.
Rooney gave him everything.
They are the perfect team.
Scott is very believable as is the rest of the cast.
His Scrooge oozes with nastiness until the very end of the movie.
Then his character changes to one who is truly repentant.
A bloody gangster story which takes place in the years of Great Depression.
Such stories never have happy end after all.
This is a film that can make you want to see it again.
Hard to believe Michael Jr.
could be so apparently unmoved as his younger brother and mother as blown away.
Some have complained about Hanks as a gangster.
Eight Stars for this one.
A great gangster film.
Great acting by him again.
He is an acting legend.
Casting is just too good.
The plot is quite good.
You will enjoy the movie.
Soundtrack is pretty good an apt to the movie.
A great flick in totality showing what a father does to protect his son.
Way underrated for my liking.
Deserved a fully deserved 10.
This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
The production design is also a factor in what makes this movie special.
Definitely a Best Picture nominee in my book.
Tom Hanks like you have never seen him before.
Hanks again proves to be excellent in a very memorable movie.
I was very surprised about the end.
An excellent depiction of one of the more unwholesome aspects of that era.
He does the best he can to see that happen.
Sullivan outsmarts the hit and rushes home to find Michael Jr.
sitting at the table.
He feels his curiosity killed his mother and brother.
He brings maturity and also a sense of still being juvenile.
This movie is a sleeper film that should be watched for years to come.
I think it is up there with his performance in Patton.
This is a beautiful film.
The true tale of bond between father and son.
Tom Hanks is really out of the box in this movie.
He usually has the nice guy roles.
The cast of this movie was well put together.
i think that this film is brilliant.
thank you for reading this comment written by Ross Kirk aged 16.
Tom Hanks leads a stellar cast as Michael Sullivan.
The movie will have you feeling the old days.
Paul Newman as always delivers a brilliant performance on screen.
He is truly a legend.
Liam Aiken is another found treasure in film.
But this movie is indeed different.
The story opens with young Michael Sullivan Jr.
This duality snakes its way throughout the movie.
I will disclose no further details in order to avoid any potential spoilers.
I may be getting old.
But I have seen a lot .
and this is fresh and invigorating.
This is the best mob film ever made.
It deserved more then what it got at the Oscars.
This was by far the best score of the year.
This is a great film that should be seen by everyone.
So Rooney joins his son Connor on the Road to Perdition.
Jude Law plays Maguire in a suitably creepy way.
The homes shone with gleaming woodwork.
This is one of the best made movies from 2002.
So this made for TV film scores only a 7.
Scott is simply incredible as Ebenezer Scrooge.
Scott is properly gruff as Scrooge.
The film even borders on frightening in several scenes involving the spirits.
10 of 10 stars.
Conrad Hall went out with a bang.
The great film photographer finished his illustrious career with this movie before passing on.
His work is just awesome.
Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall will very likely win another Oscar for his work here .
I loved so much about this movie.
The movie is intelligent in the way relationships and issues are explored.
Tom Hanks delivers the best performance of his career.
Rooney involved himself in organized crime.
But the most important technical element in the film is Conrad L.
Acting This film is a very well acted film.
Conrad Hall is a true genius.
He sets up every shot so that nothing is left out.
His work on this movie made it what it is.
The screen Writing is worthy of an Oscar.
The music is some of the most beautiful and moving scores I have herd.
My grade 10 out of 10.
In the middle of this a pair of lovers become infected.
There is an internal logic rare in these films.
The fight seen in the end is worth watching ten or twenty times.
The truth is America as a whole is not prepared for Meatball Machine.
This is Art my friends.
Scott will be known as one of the greatest actors of the 20th century.
The character of Scrooge as played by Mr.
Scott seemed to jump off the screen.
Truly a remarkable performance by a giant of his generation.
Most of the feedback I have heard concerning Meatball Machine has been pretty mixed.
This was a very entertaining flick.
The winner of the battle eats the loser alive.
MEATBALL MACHINE is no exception.
7 out of 10 .
Boy loves girl but is too afraid to ask her on a date.
Boy finally meets girl.
And yes it too luckily shows more violence.
Acting is what you would expect from a no budget splatter film.
This movie is the first time movie experience for several people in the cast.
But they all did a good job.
We are happy to see such enthusiastic young cast.
They seem very promising for the future of the Turkish film Industry.
It is an excellent thriller from Turkey which can make sense.
And also transition parts are really excellent.
Principal causes and psychological consequences are given in Gen.
The only thing you have to do is to combine all the hints.
Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge.
The atmosphere of the movie is impressive and dark.
Also the special features are colorful and not cheap.
It was far better than I expected.
Scenario and acting is quite good.
The director made a good job as well.
The mental hospital atmosphere was given quite good.
I agree with the other comments.
I saw this movie years ago.
Christopher Plummer is hilarious as a dandy.
The ribaldry is unsurpassed.
I saw this film 12 years ago on TNT.
I have not seen this film on TV since.
This is a fast paced comedy.
Best thing I ever did.
To this day I can crack up just thinking about the dialog.
From then on it is pure chaos one after another.
I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will enjoy it.
We all know this famous story.
The story itself is amazing.
out of this world and yet its so down to Earth and believable.
I can not even describe it to its fullest.
Its just a charming story thats so easy to get into.
What I like about it is the humor.
Another thing is the characters.
and probably one of the only people he can actually stand.
I was in the library and searched desperately for something good to read.
I even took it home for a few more reads over.
I once watched 45 consecutive episodes within a day.
I do not know how I did it.
To this day 161 episodes are not enough to keep me satisfied.
But not only them had this kind of fate.
There are tons of violent actions but has a good story to it.
This has got to be the best movie I have ever seen.
The film left a deep impression on me.
Edison Chen does a superb job playing the part of the murderous Pang.
This is one to see with a group of friends who love the ridiculous.
This film is beautifully photographed with an excellent soundtrack.
There are many very brutal violent scenes.
The woman having a long nail pulled out of her foot.
Knives to the neck and torso.
Guns fired directly to the head.
And several very intense beatings.
It maybe grim intense and downbeat but it is definitely worth seeing.
3 Hong Kong movies kind of disappeared.
but this is not much fun.
These cops here have to deal with the lowest on the social ladder.
The police characters also defied my expectations thoroughly.
This is one of my least favorite things about the genre.
there are some similarities.
Sam Lee as the obsessed cop is also outstanding.
The music is also worth mentioning.
If you dislike strong violence then you should stay away from this one.
i would definitely recommend to those looking for a stylish and action packed movie.
Makes you think about what is life about really.
Chilling performance by Edison Chen.
Finally we have before us a Category III movie for the summer 2006 season.
The plot very ably shows the hypocrisy of the female libido.
He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love.
Unlike other movies main character is a boy.
might make you feel different.
The art of still photography unfortunately does not automatically translate to cinematography.
This movie documents the Harlem ball circuit of the mid eighties.
Here the most genius of trash is extremely well documented and duly glamorized.
I found from a documentary standpoint that this is a darned good documentary.
LIKE EVERY OTHER COMPETITION like it.
Which I felt was a point.
Credit should be given where credit is DUE.
Yeah this films is tops.
Cant recommend it more.
A film made with passion and interest in the subject matter.
Some of the performances and just amazing.
If you only find this film on VHS it is still very worth watching.
10 out of 10.
The filmmaker was apparently a first timer so what an achievement.
there should be a part two.
well if your are reading this please consider doing another documentary of this sort.
I really appreciated the break downs and definitions too.
Thank you s much for allowing this film to exist.
The film really challenges your notions of identity and the society we live in.
It is well made and very powerful.
It is shocking at times and more powerful because of it.
Fifteen years later and Paris Is Burning is still aflame.
I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon.
I thought it was going to be campy and silly.
How wrong I was about this movie.
It took me back to a time and place of fun and excitement.
I felt as though I knew all of the characters personally.
I hope they make another documentary.
The words and wit were just as sharp as the moves on the floor.
There they can be whoever and whatever they want and be accepted.
Sounds depressing but it is not.
The sense of community in this film is fascinating.
The balls are still held but not in the spirit we see here.
And I have heard the houses are gone too.
That time is gone forever.
When Queens were really proud to be extroverts.
The textbooks on drag performance say nothing of these vogueing houses.
The film is valuable because it focuses on a scene otherwise being ignored.
It is a valuable snapshot of life in 1989.
But even with that handicap I love this movie.
A real time and place.
No matter what the consequences.
You have to admire that.
Bottom line it is real life.
Some of these dreams are so unattainable it is tragic.
There are shots in this movie of nude transsexuals.
It is about friendship.
Darius and his mother are models of strength and courage.
And the Crew members are testaments to the heart of the younger generation.
Shows you whether they really care about the youth and their viewers at all.
There are many police dramas doing the rounds.
I am not sure why.
This is not a pleasant film.
Not one to relax you.
There is not much feeling of optimism in it.
The police seem to be involved in a losing battle.
This is the world we live in.
Anne has her own way of patching things up.
The gang head west for a trip that all its participants will never forget.
The filmmakers here clearly have an emotional connection to the material.
I recently watched this movie at the Sunscreen Film Festival.
It played twice over the course of the festival.
It is snowballing out of control.
Darius wished to see the ocean.
People in the theater were sobbing.
This was the best movie I have ever seen about Bulimia.
It has to do with them and them only.
I think that that scene was definitely the most important scene in that movie.
My teenage years came back to me so vividly.
Its a small world and this little movie shows us.
And as far as the thematic elements.
This movie is pure magic.
I gave it a 10.
This proves that not only big productions make great movies.
The title of this movie fits in perfectly.
In computer language BUG means program error which causes reactions in computer function.
The vertiginous happenings in this movie start with the death of a BUG.
From there onwards everything gets complicated.
well see this one and maybe it will make more sense.
Hitchcock never blended scenes together better.
I will be looking for more good things from this producer in the future.
I say not to judge this by U.
His mother yells at him from downstairs to shut up.
Quite by accident actually.
Ever character is intertwined in some way or another.
This movie is just wonderful.
I'm going to have to find a copy to buy.
One thing that was great about this was the use of real European locations.
I enjoyed this movie.
Dean Cain was excellent in the role of Bob.
He gets better with every film he does.
It was left for the viewer to decide.
This is by far the funniest short made by the two comic geniuses.
I highly suggest that every fan of Laurel and Hardy should see this short.
I also recommend all of the Ghost Series.
What worked exceptionally well was the middle portion.
Everything about it was superb.
His mum must be proud.
I could not take my eyes off this film for fear of missing something.
A child poked and bullied at school who becomes a hero.
And not necessarily so.
Dirty Work is Stan and Ollie at their funniest.
Then the Professor wants to try out his new potion.
A very funny little film.
The supporting cast of the movie is surprising good.
Also watch out for a scene featuring a fish .
Quiet and slow this is a very frustrating movie.
Then he hooks up inexplicably with another guy at the end.
Also he has an incredible sexual magnetism about him.
I just wish that the story could be a happy ending.
So maybe things will go better for him in the future.
Of coarse I bought it without seeing it and was glad I did.
I feel like they fit well and do not think kids will notice.
Most Hollywood movies fail to capture the full range of experience of teenagers.
This film demonstrates exactly how to do it right.
The movie is very realistic.
This is where the realism of the whole story is apparent.
Not everything happens the way we think it should happen.
I can say though that the movie does not end on a bad note.
That is probably the moral of this story.
This movie has everything.
It exposes the need for real inner communion and outer communication in any relationship.
this movie is amazing.
it left me wanting more.
The best part of this movie is the cinematography.
It leaves you charmed with its beauty.
But as a love story or character study it is lacking and unsatisfying.
It can not leave you neutral.
Yes it is a love story between 2 18 years old boys.
But it is only the body of this movie.
And it is been removed.
You only feel what happened with these boys.
You feel the soul of the movie.
I liked this film very much.
Since I like that sort of film I enjoyed this.
The cinematographer uses techniques that add to the storytelling.
The story pulls you into the characters a bit slowly in the beginning.
One quite funny scene has two derelicts watching the monster fly over the city.
and what a wild ride.
8 out of 10.
Spoiler of sorts follows.
My appreciation of this movie increases.
It certainly merits a higher consideration than those movies that are instantly forgettable.
I do not really know whether it is true or not.
Many also dislike its confusing structure and lack of clear explanations.
The movie skips around a bit but really chronicles just 3 time periods.
This type of movies forces us to interpret the reasons behind the actions.
Another telltale sign that they are ultimately not compatible is the historical ruins scene.
One is the sound.
But it is better than many of you have said.
this is not a funny movie.
But what seemed perfect at the beginning.
He finally become depressed and tries to commit suicide.
but this is not a movie for entertainment.
Is all about feelings.
The entire cast is superb and the direction is gentle and provocative.
In French with English subtitles.
The film has a way of staying with us even when it has ended.
Mathieu feels the attraction for Cedric too.
This is a young man who is hard to understand on a simple level.
It is alternatively known as Big Monster War or as Ghosts on Parade.
Only after some contemplation did I decide I liked this movie.
So often throughout the film you feel like you are there.
Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads.
Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone.
She possesses what it takes to keep an audience in captivity.
Her voice is as beautiful as ever and will truly impress you.
She gives her all every time she is on stage.
I will treasure this concert for a very long time.
In love with Burlesque.
All the gang are there see below.
Feel Ireland as it was.
And yet it says something about Ireland that you will not find elsewhere.
This film IS IRELAND.
I'm in the pub with them or kneeling to pray with them.
They are our sad history and they are our present.
Definitely worth renting out if you can find it.
Call it what you will this is a fanatical ride.
This is unlike anything I have seen in the movie theater before.
You will not be bored can guarantee that.
I read the play before I saw the movie and loved them both.
Terrible shame to have lost him so young.
Paulie recants his life with Marie and how they lost each other.
But I just love this type of movie.
can not help myself.
I LIKE long stories.
Watch the movie and that will make sense.
Roles that are quite fitting to what we all know about them.
Seems it is taken years to find her.
Especially the owner of an animal research lab.
That part might bother younger children.
I would recommend this movie for every one.
The movie was so inspiring to me.
Love overcame all the obstacles.
This movie is highly underrated and contains many messages of real life.
I recommend this movie to anyone of any age.
Made me wish my own happy birds could talk.
A sweet story that people of all ages will enjoy.
Paulie is a lovable little treasure.
He has quite a few clever lines that truly made me laugh.
I especially loved the dance sequences during his showbiz stint.
It surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be.
This one is just fabulous.
I gave it a 10 out of 10.
This is such a great movie to watch with young children.
Add Paulie the parrot to beloved movie animal characters.
Before the heart warming ending we learn all the misadventures of Paulie.
Paulie helps Marie learn to talk and they become best friends.
Paulie goes through so much to find his way back to Marie.
It will touch your heart.
This film also has some sad parts that make the tears run.
In the end it all works out for Paulie and his Russian friend.
A sentimental story with a sentimental sound track.
The parrot is definitely the star of the film.
Paulie it seems has a phenomenal memory.
Not one to be missed if you have any kind of heart or emotion.
I approach films about talking animals with care.
But I found the film a pleasant surprise.
And not a few phrases either.
Its a parrot you can actually make conversation with.
Only for those promises to be broken time and again.
Paulie is admittedly a little episodic.
Paulie is an occasionally very touching film.
His scenes with Ivy are some of the best.
Wonderful moments of Paulie perched on her shoulder singing Tom Jones numbers.
Paulie falls in with a group of performing parrots at a Spanish outdoor restaurant.
And Paulie even gets to have a romance.
That may be the only complaint I have.
Of course they do find Marie.
The same flawless effects.
And the same surprising intelligence.
Paulie is a wonderful film filled with touching moments.
It is journey worth experiencing.
Paulie is the best family movie I have found and wholeheartedly enjoyed.
I was very surprised with this film.
I certainly recommend it.
Then the great journey begins.
He falls in love with a girl parrot and loses her.
Enjoy and try no to tear up during the sad parts.
I'm a late comer in becoming a fan of this movie.
The special effects of showing Paulie talking are superb.
My son asked me how the bird knew so many phrases.
You root for him all the way through the movie.
Most of what I liked came from the technical side of things.
The show aired in 1979 and was a delightful show.
There is also a few other songs not put on the CD.
The story itself is inspiring.
I would like to say that the soundtrack is astounding.
The sweeping camera angles and breathtaking scenery beautify the story even more.
That was only a few of the strange inhabitants.
The TV works consists of 3 series and a Christmas special.
One of the best comedy series to ever come out of Britain.
Little Britain pales into insignificance as a poor imitation of their ideas.
This is probably the best television show I have ever seen.
I first saw it on Comedy Central several years ago.
There are three specials that I have not watched yet.
I'm saving them to spring on my best friend next time he visits.
I think these four guys have created something sort of undefinable.
About a year ago I finally gave up on American television.
It was then that I decided to switch to British television.
This program is one of the best I have seen.
Suffice to say I am hooked on the program now.
The characters are superb and show unusual depth while retaining a scarily realistic edge.
This is a very underrated gem for those who watch foreign movies.
By the end of this movie you will feel good.
Watch it as it is and you will enjoy it.
It has been a good long while since I have been impressed like this.
This is what makes me proud to be British.
This is by far the funniest thing on TV.
It is a comedy that everyone simply must watch.
The detail and intricacies are staggering.
Not for those with thin skins or who lack objectivity.
The blackest comedy I can recall.
And very possibly the most wonderful thing I will ever see.
Watch it in order.
See how creative and stylish and deeply disturbed these guys are.
No one and nothing is out of bounds.
It may just choke you up towards the end.
I know it did me.
But it is still cool.
Not just the animation style but several character designs.
Other characters were well cast from Jeff Bridges to Danny Huston and Gillian Anderson.
Though I do think the ending is flawed.
They all fit their character well enough.
I totally gotta try that out next time I find myself in a club.
A hilarious film from start to end.
Jeff Bridges is excellent as the boss.
Others are also pretty good.
as Sophie once says in the movie.
The saints of the moment are the stars.
Even they were not for real .
And television and all other media are means to create and capture our strivings.
We desperately need benchmarks in regard to which to measure ourselves.
This time it was larger than we expected.
the character of Young is full and reasonable.
Those are the peak comedic moments of the film.
Well it was a nice surprise after all.
One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again.
Of course his winning ways create all sorts of complications.
I liked the film.
7 out of 10.
Neither did How to lose friends and Alienate People.
This movie is essentially about a man good as pissing people off.
Its one of those movies where you could just be happy when it ends.
There are a number of other comedic actors who portray similar characters too.
I read somewhere that this is based on a true story.
It was nice to see him in a role that I could actually enjoy.
This girl will go far.
Young wants the down right dirty contrasted with the American professionalism.
The physical comedy can also be overdone.
How to lose friends and Alienate people came out in 2008.
It bombed at U.
I know it is not a true story.
but I think everyone in this movie is good.
great role for her.
My rating 7 out of 10.
The laughs were regular and eye watering and everyone of them aimed at Penn.
Highly recommended to all.
The rest of the supporting cast did its job well.
Sidney finds creative ways to annoy nearly everyone.
I rapidly became absorbed in the unfolding of the narrative and remained engrossed throughout.
He takes to the streets trying to make ends meet.
This actor projects a tremendous sincerity in his work.
That alone is worth watching the movie.
I must admit I'm prejudiced on a number of levels.
And hearing the duet of Santa Lucia gorgeous.
He was adorable in the movie and had such an amazing voice.
com and have a look before it is sold out.
I enjoyed this movie very much and have truly enjoyed opera ever since.
I feel very sad that so many are criticizing him so harshly.
He deserves to be respected and admired for his talent.
But all these genre conventions are given a fresh spin and added depth.
Not for younger or more sensitive kids though.
Any movie buff would enjoy this film.
These different movies coexisted even though each one had something different to offer.
This is just a fun movie for Pavarotti fans.
The singing is fabulous and the selection of arias is fun.
and it is filmed on location at the Metropolitan Opera at Lincoln Center.
This Raggedy Ann and Andy Movie is so adorable.
At the time I enjoyed the filming that switched between cartoon and live action.
At the time I felt sad for the blue camel and his sad life.
I would love to own it.
I watched it every Sunday they played it on the Family Film Festival.
He was hampered in directing this film by the producer.
Still it is worth watching for some eye popping animation.
i have watched it countless times.
my eyes were opened to things i had never noticed before.
if you get the chance to view it.
I believe I received this film when I was a young buck.
I searched high and low for this movie and still no luck.
I am 17 years old now.
I still watch it.
All the time actually.
And personally I think they should make a sequel.
Also known as the Big Spook War.
The creation of the creature is equally arduous for young minds.
I was five years old at the time.
This movie was pretty scary for a five year old.
I have enjoyed watching it again too.
Though I have to admit it is not as good on a little TV.
The songs are very cute.
My daughter keeps singing them over and over.
Mainly the scary parts.
If anything get it for the nostalgia purposes.
Its characters are all unique and the songs are great.
So great you might find yourself humming them time and time again.
This was way more darker and real world.
Ill never forget my experience watching it.
And the dinosaur craze.
Theodore Rex enabled me to do so.
Nor am I a moron.
This is a fairy tale that dares to be dark.
Westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids.
I thought it was a great film.
But after watching it again yesterday I have found it to be amazing.
The world could never be the same after experiencing such magnificent beauty.
Almost every actor look like a layman.
I say check this out.
Well worth a look for adventurous horror fans I think.
This is probably the best of the three segments.
Reporter is particularly interested in what lead to the death of the participants.
Things get quite bloody.
Second story has a violent young criminal visiting a psychiatrist for mandatory therapy.
Has a pretty gory scene in there.
Moms never really home.
The kids always are picking on the poor kid.
Okay that was the easy part.
This is a great kids film.
I loved that the film does not follow a normal path.
Its also operating on more than one level.
Its the rage of being thrown away that fuels the monsters.
They run the gamut from cheesy to spectacular with stops everywhere in between.
Its way cool and it works.
I really loved this movie.
Its a great trip.
Flesh ripped clean to the bone.
and the blood runs red .
this savage Heart Stopper will grip you.
and give you some dark dreams .
I spotted the box for this one and grabbed it up.
I have to say I'm pretty glad I did.
I gotta say I really enjoyed TEARS OF KALI.
Peaches is truly a marvelous film.
It fully deserved to win best picture.
For me it works on every level and I have now seen it twice.
Or more particularly does not want to get it.
One has to wonder what people think they are looking at.
This manipulation of the media is pretty common down under.
I see it as a one dimensional film about anxiety.
Peaches in comparison is a master piece.
All made for TV.
But I would downgrade my initial rating from an 8 to perhaps a 6.
I liked the light and the girls.
I guess one must be in a certain mood to like the movie.
I really enjoyed the performances of the main cast.
Emma Lung is courageous and interesting.
The director has developed performances where the characters are not one dimensional.
A complex story with the changing between eras.
Depth of character can be appealing to the not so shallow.
The film has a good look and the cinematography is also good.
This story is beautifully acted.
Her findings along the way affect those closest around her.
I was at the same screenwriters conference and saw the movie.
I'm glad I saw it.
The story is being told fluidly.
There are no interruptions.
The flash backs are woven into the present seamlessly.
Her portrayal of a blind person was done convincingly.
The Cinematography is very good.
The English subtitles follow the Hebrew script very closely.
it is the way the it takes the blind girl to reach it.
He appeared in the movie in the beginning and sporadically throughout the rest.
This movie just continues that bad tradition.
The music was alright.
An enjoyable Batman animated film.
There was nice twist.
The trend continues here.
5 out of 10.
Same thing goes for Robin.
The late John Vernon will be missed.
The musical score and especially the soft sounding intro were superb.
And Batman is denying any affiliation with her.
Meanwhile Bruce Wayne has to deal with the usual romances and detective work.
This is definitely a movie no fan of Batman should be without.
the movie is presented in Pan and Scan.
Why they chose to make that same mistake here again is beyond me.
75 minutes is way too short for any movie.
I'm also not too sure about the new animation style used in this movie.
Also I think the fight with Bane should have been done better.
The score adds to the mysterious ambiance of the movie.
I can not believe the show only lasted 13 episodes.
The show is less than an hour long.
I felt this show took chances and often it worked.
It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London.
The American characters were not arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts.
I felt this show should have lasted longer.
I remember this series so well.
Its a treat to watch the series again.
Season 1 is 13 episodes and season 2 seems to be 10 episodes.
This series was a lot of fun.
Sometimes you can get it on special at Amazon.
It begins with several of the principles on a stage run to Albuquerque.
This point will return to dominate the last scene in the film.
You can guess the results.
This leaves him with few options for making a living in the wild West.
Randolph Scott is heading into Albuquerque to take a job with his uncle.
and the robbers seem to know this.
I'm inclined to think not.
He even has the sheriff in his pocket.
Randolph Scott is not a cowboy hero for nothing.
That includes not backing relatives up when they are villains.
Still Albuquerque must have had great appeal to the GOP market.
The settings are superb and almost movie like.
I remember this movie.
Quite intense for an 11 year old.
A highlight of his career.
If they remade it I bet it would be very violent and bloody.
It was very intense.
I think it was filmed in Los Angeles.
and then they left the carcass on the stoop.
And we all know what movie people do when The System fails.
Moves at a nice pace to an exciting climax.
The teens do everything to annoy and harass this poor family.
He stands up to them and protects his home and his family.
A very good actor.
I watched this on TV when I was like 8 or 9.
I have never seen it again on TV and would like to.
They are kids and they act like kids would.
I felt it all.
Any girl can get pregnant the first time.
Not the fault of the actor in most cases.
The filmmakers should learn the difference between raunchy and erotic.
But everything else in the film seems cheap.
The sound is so terrible that you can barely hear what people are saying.
The woman also look like they are refuges from a porn shoot.
A nicely done thriller with plenty of sex in it.
I saw it on late night TV.
I will be honest with you.
I liked this movie.
I would recommend this movie to horror fans everywhere.
This movie is awesome on so many levels.
be they good or bad.
THIS is the formula that they are using.
THIS is what makes zombie movies so great.
And what makes it BETTER than great is the story behind the movie.
A simple web search will provide you with everything you need to know.
it moves quick and corners nicely.
that is because that music was lifted straight from the trailer.
Very few can hold up to it over the long haul.
However it does have one truly memorable scene.
Right up with the best in any western.
We have high expectations with this one .
It is a film that is far too often dismissed out of hand.
This is no Dawn of the Dead folks.
The script is wonderfully horrible.
The zombies come in all varieties.
it would probably satisfy most fans of action movies as well.
Flying Zombie Head 3.
Zombie with no legs swimming in a pool.
Born Again is a okay episode of Season 1.
Even though there is a LOT of bad writing and acting at parts.
I think the good over wins the bad.
I absolutely love that scene when Michelle confronts Tony.
You would think her parents would have been worried.
10 out of 10.
His opening scene is a classic.
The horror just keeps going as the critter tries to outrun the impossible.
Some characters wish for a forthcoming global warming.
The sensitive ones get eaten.
The animators also make majestic use of background landscapes that are coolly fantastic.
They begin as enemies and end as best friend.
The parents will enjoy the fact that for 90 min.
There are very few movies that are so funny as this one.
The real letdown is the animation.
Had fun watching this film.
This one really made me laugh a lot during the whole picture.
When I saw the trailers I just HAD to see the film.
The humor was absolutely great.
It suffers from unnecessarily flashy direction and occasional dumbness.
I'm surprised at the low rating for this.
He makes the movie all by himself.
This is my first CG animated film that I have ever seen.
Ice Age was sporadically funny and overall fun film to watch.
The visuals were great.
Blue Sky Studios is a company to look out for in the future.
Not too much of a kids film.
But I was surprised that I was a bit entertained by it.
I was a bit disappointed by the 81 minutes of time we had.
Right until the end of the movie.
Those two gripes docked the movie 2 stars.
But I do recommend the movie.
Even for a sequel.
The animation is superb.
Your heart really goes out to the characters in this film.
Nothing was forced or over done.
And before that it was The Land Before Time 1988.
Usually when storyline is copied like this the result is a disaster.
That does not apply here.
The worst part was the voice of Sid.
By about 5 minutes in I was sick of hearing him talk.
Aside from the annoying sloth voice the movie was good.
This is a good movie for kids.
He then pays toll with some aardvarks.
The gags in this movie are very funny.
I saw the movie with two grown children.
There parents also seemed engaged.
The death and apparent death of characters brought about the appropriate gasps and comments.
Hopefully people realize this movie was made for kids.
It had some sort of warmth.
Another great point about the movie is the beauty of the animation.
I can see why sequel is doing such great business at the box office.
He usually has something funny to say throughout the movie.
And how sometimes it takes many different creatures to make up a herd.
Gomez has something to do with this.
Once again the two bickering professors must join together to save the lost world.
A man seeking oil brings a drilling crew to the plateau.
The oil crew clash with the native people and the scientific expedition.
Although the situation looks hopeless.
This film was certainly a big change for Mr.
It feels as though the production was too rushed.
I think the comedy is light and nothing too heavy here.
I really recommend this film for everyone.
The supporting cast includes some really great performances.
Worth a watch for sure.
almost every review of this movie I would seen was pretty bad.
I gave it a 7.
Presenting Lily Mars is a fine showcase for the talents of Judy Garland.
The movie is great and I like the story.
Well in this film she looks perfect.
She is beautiful and shows that she has a flair for comedy.
Probably because they were done in black and white.
Rawhide was a tough western who had some tough guys in it.
They really do not make television series like these any more.
I would vote for him for President any day.
Rawhide was a wonderful TV western series.
Focusing on a band of trail drovers lead by the trail boss Gil Favor.
All of these actors left their mark in a piece of television history.
Later seasons tended to split the leads and give them individual story lines.
However there were still some classic stories and Rawhide remained top drawer affair.
We shall not see his like again.
The strength of this film is in its acting especially Papas as the Grandmother.
This is a gorgeous movie visually.
all amount to a real work of art.
The film only exists in a low quality VHS format.
The film also has some amazing costumes.
I'm only writing here to further encourage you to look for and see it.
It is such a unique film I hesitate to make comparisons.
It is the kind of production that almost motivates me to study film.
This story is universal.
I liked this movie.
It reminded me of Enemy Of The State.
Well acted and good enough plot.
I was not disappointed.
The movie is about a lot of things.
It raises a lot of questions but does not give answers.
I think sometimes this is good.
This movie is such cheesy goodness.
A bunch of people trapped in an abandoned school.
This is a Brit film made to be an American slasher.
It has all the characteristics of one.
The prank goes wrong and he ends up getting savagely burned.
However the dream finale is utterly pathetic.
Only for fans of truly bad slasher flicks.
I have been meaning to see this flick for the past few months.
I was actually surprised at how good it was.
I can certainly tell you that they are gory as well.
The acting is terrible but that is fine.
I love the story.
I really sympathize with Marty.
I give this movie 8 stars out of 10.
It turns fatal when he really gets hurt from one of their little pranks.
7 out of 10.
Both my friend and I thought this movie was well done.
Most of the supporting cast are veterans not first timers and they were solid.
If you do not buy rent it for a good time.
I wonder if it is because of the part he played in the movie.
When Marty open the curtain butt naked he realized that he was tricked.
The lab blows up disfiguring him badly.
One by one the people get killed off.
I do not understand how the girl who drowned really drowned.
she could have gotten back up after Marty left.
She almost got out the first time.
Then they finally break into the school and it starts storming.
Apparently you can only kill at nighttime.
Supposedly set in America this was very obviously shot in England.
What I saw in that movie stuck with me big time.
the exploding stomach from the tainted beer.
Classic crap all the way.
Slaughter High is about a boy named Marty.
The last prank ended tragically.
cue to 5 years later.
The gang of kids meet up again for a reunion.
One of them set it up at the old high school.
One girl feels sorry for Marty but another guy calms her down.
Every kills is creative and gory.
It appears Marty is back to exact revenge.
They begin looking for a way out.
it is a horror slasher.
WHO CARES if it has some illogical parts.
I for one do not.
This movie has really great deaths.
there is a twist.
I have lost count of how many reviews I have written on Slaughter High.
Must have been pretty embarrassing to say the least.
I first saw this movie when I was 12 in the sixth grade.
He looked like a teenager.
It is one of the few films in the genre that is enthralling throughout.
They are a bunch of sociopaths.
The ending makes little or no sense.
This is what slasher films are all about.
A good villain makes a good slasher.
I really liked this movie.
Of course the idea is pretty much out there.
Everyone should watch this.
Absolutely wonderful drama and Ros is top notch.
I highly recommend this movie.
They are ignoring a VERY good movie.
This woman was lonely since the death of her husband.
The character actors in this film were a great plus also.
Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept.
I had nowhere to go.
I was on a flight to Vancouver.
This is the most confronting documentary I have ever seen.
It was a simple and breathtaking view of a beautiful idea.
Put together in moving pictures it is truly a horror show.
The birthing of gigantic ships and their destruction by hand in giant graveyards.
It is not a simple right or wrong.
I really am shocked to see the number of reviews that lambaste this movie.
This is a world of relentless industrialization.
He admits himself that he takes no political stand.
It even seems a misnomer.
a further testament to the popularity and importance of this gem.
an academy award nomination for best documentary.
I read several mixed reviews and several of them downright trashed the movie.
And I feel that has been lacking in a lot of recent films.
And I really liked that part.
Their involvement in the movie only made it that much more enjoyable.
This is where this movie seems to have lost a lot of potential fans.
Hollywood films have grown predictable and bland.
And I'm glad that Scott tried to make something different.
We should all try to enjoy it for the fact that Scott and co.
took some chances and tried to deliver something that was different and unique.
All of what you see was the desired effect.
When I rented Domino I was expected it to be very dumb.
I also just enjoy based on fact adventure stories.
she could hardly have chosen to remake her image more dramatically.
Domino is a great movie.
The script is good.
She shows the right amount of anger and dedication in this performance.
It takes a regular movie and puts on acid.
The action scenes are exhilarating.
The cast is absolutely brilliant.
Anyone that watched that load of .
This movie portrays a difficult life.
I doubt much of this film is based on a true story.
They let her join the group.
I thought the story was entertaining and it had some laughs.
It could have been a little shorter.
The plot was different and unpredictable enough to hold my interest.
I thought the chases and pyrotechnics contributed to the film and were well done.
I think Tony Scott made a good movie here.
i found it to be rather awesome.
It has an edgy acid trip style provided by director Tony Scott.
Definitely a movie you will have to see twice in order to fully appreciate.
Experimental Cinematography barely describes this movie.
The flooding of imagery and dynamic.
It becomes a pastiche of MTV culture at this point.
7 out of 10.
This was one of my favorite series when I was a kid.
I was surprised to see the depth in which the organs was explained.
The premise of the show was to show you how the body works.
I'm so happy I found them here.
Actually this movie was not so bad.
A good film again from Korea.
The movie never claims to be something spectacular like many films do.
The films props itself as a fun and entertaining time.
And that is exactly what it was.
It is the Korean version of a male Bring It On.
Dream Quest was a surprisingly good movie.
But even then it is enjoyable.
This movie is quite excellent and beats out almost any movie.
It was one of the 1st movies i saw of her.
Jenna amazed us once more and no wonder the movie won so many awards.
specially the one where she looks like an angel.
This one is quite a nice surprise.
An unnecessary bit of cheapness came in some ridiculous castle imitation.
David Morse again is a wonderful portrayer of a cop.
His tough yet mostly quiet features are perfect for his role.
Morse ends up coming down hard on Hutchinson.
They are both perfect for this scenario in each film.
Overall it was a pretty good movie.
Maybe someday I will see the perfect combination of porn and plot.
You have to see this movie.
Watch out for this one.
Saw this movie twice at community screenings and really loved it.
I was satisfied with the way it was portrayed.
They were all just as excellent as the fellas.
I liked the music.
The characters were easy on the eyes.
I do agree the title sucks.
I watch them all.
I loved that the heroine was so atypically cast.
I enjoyed the stepping routines.
I liked the driven Mum character.
This movie surprised me.
some Wednesday night when nothing else is on.
I gave it a 9 for entertainment value.
Go see the movie and judge for yourself.
edit The movie is now moving closer to its correct rating.
I was a bit scared to watch this movie due to its rates.
I even cried at the end of the movie.
And the dancing routines are just sick.
I saw this movie when I was a little girl.
And I have enjoyed it every time.
I saw it in the original Spanish version only and thought it was wonderful.
It teaches children good vs.
the whole Santa Vs.
and an international kiddie sweat shop.
It never fails to make me laugh.
Parts of it can still make you cringe or just creep you out.
I saw this movie when Mystery Science Theater ran it in 1993.
It is the worst thing I have ever seen.
Whoever wrote this script with children in mind should be beaten.
There are symbols around the castle that either look like pentagrams or RAF stars.
What I remember most was the silly Devil and Santa looking through his telescope.
I waited and looked through the T.
Guide each year after that to see when it would be shown.
I would usually find it playing on a Saturday afternoon.
This movie has the best rendition of Santa Claus ever.
You owe yourself to watch this cinematic masterpiece.
Whoever says this movie is bad is an ignorant fool.
This movie surprised me.
some Wednesday night when nothing else is on.
I gave it a 9 for entertainment value.
I found the 1971 version quite boring.
I definitely thought it was worth at least a 7 rating.
There were a few things I liked about it.
This was a great role for him.
I had no idea this was the case when watching it.
I also found the story to be very absorbing.
I'm not one for action movies but I got sucked into this.
This was not a great movie but it is watchable.
I am not sure how I feel about the ending.
People have compared this to Smoky and the Bandit.
It was better then average to me but far from great.
My vote is 7 of 10.
I have to agree with most of the other posts.
Jamie keeps running into the Julio and whats his name.
She is a younger actress that is going to be viable.
I believe the two should not be compared or even connected.
Consider them as two different movies.
Rate them as two different movies.
The story begins with a dance that she attended as a young girl.
It was worth the wait and then some.
I actually ended up liking the movie better than the novel.
The loss seemed stronger.
She WAS Hagar through and through.
Christine Horne was brilliant and has many more great things ahead I am sure.
Her scenes with Cole Hauser were electrifying.
I really recommend this movie for a quiet Saturday afternoon.
I can only blame its current lowish rating of 6.
I would highly recommend it.
I had a chance to see a screening of this movie recently.
If it is in a theater near you.
She is so very different than the young woman that she plays in Juno.
It gives me an even broader appreciation for her acting ability.
This is a really interesting movie.
It is an action movie with comedy mixed in.
She plays her role well.
Even Jamie Kennedy is in this movie.
It deserves more credit than it is actually given.
I saw the movie recently and really liked it.
I surprised myself and cried.
The director does a masterful job with the challenge.
The first scene gets this across without any compromise.
Her edges are really hard.
She is belittling and selfish.
She is a stone.
I started to see the angel.
and I started to like her.
I thought this movie was hysterical.
I have watched it many times and recommend it highly.
The cast was fantastic.
I do not understand how this movie gets a 2 out of 5 rating.
His I just can not say enough about this movie.
Please put this movie on more often.
I can not see it enough.
In this movie she was very funny.
and her and Mel did a great job together.
They should put more of his movies on TV.
this is a classic with so many great dialogs and scenes nobody should miss.
The black and the white always present in our lives.
I would definitely recommend it.
I watched it for the second time with my children.
They absolutely loved it.
Brooks claims that he can life like a homeless man for a month.
His shocked and amused friends accept this unusual wager.
I liked the way Mel Brooks pays homage to Charles Chaplin in this film.
Recommended for Mel Brooks fans.
This is a charming movie.
That was one of several moments that were wonderfully memorable.
When this movie came out just about everyone slammed it.
Years later I sat down to watch this movie and I found myself enjoying.
Even laughing quite a bit.
Doug Hutchinson is okay as Bristol.
David Morse is good as the hard edged treasury agent.
Both him and Jamie had some funny moments on screen.
The director went all out there so he gets points for that.
All in all Bait is not a bad movie by a long shot.
That should count for something.
Bait is one of the most underrated movies of 2000 period.
Or maybe this film will inspire you to help others.
The take on lawyers is also superb.
His character is more malevolent than usual.
This is easily the most underrated film inn the Brooks cannon.
Many of the jokes fall flat.
This is not the typical Mel Brooks film.
It rates a 7.
Yes its an art.
to successfully make a slow paced thriller.
The story unfolds in nice volumes while you do not even notice it happening.
Fine performance by Robin Williams.
The direction is good.
Use of lights to achieve desired affects of suspense and unexpectedness is good.
Williams returns to New York.
A scene or two establishing their relationship might have helped set the stage.
She is that good.
I liked the film.
I especially liked the opening scene which had a semi truck in it.
A very tense action scene that seemed well done.
Also the film is funny is several parts.
I also liked how the evil guy was portrayed too.
I would give the film an 8 out of 10.
I enjoyed The Night Listener very much.
Robin Williams gives one of his best performances.
Sandra Oh adds a wonderful comic touch.
Everyone is very believable.
I wonder if some of the more disturbing images were cut from the movie.
Do not be sucker punched by the previews and ads.
See The Night Listener because you want to see a good story told well.
If you go expecting Hitchcock you will be disappointed.
My only complaint with the movie was the ending.
I can guarantee you that you have never seen this kind of movie before.
This is no americanized movie.
Neither is it a predictable movie.
I just kept waiting for it to get better.
Something that makes you jump off your seat.
I will leave it at that.
Toni Collette also stars.
The production felt rushed and holes are apparent.
It certainly feels like a preview for a much more complete and better effort.
The book is probably better.
I found that there were so many perfect choices made.
and for the last number of years.
This Night Listener is better than people are generally saying.
Give it a shot.
This is the token moody period Gothic horror entry from the bunch.
A real campy hoot.
Watch it with plenty of popcorn and soda in a darkened room.
An act for which he got caught and death penalty sentenced.
This has got to be a unique twists of two genres of ever seen.
The giant monster movie genre with the living mummy movie genre.
This unique blend makes for a unique and compelling story.
The acting was wonderful.
I give THE FALLEN ONES 9 OUT OF 10.
It looked as if the other actors were only playing to her strong performance.
The charismatic Miller delivery and timing were impeccable and believable.
I am sure this movie will always be in my top 5.
The acting is superb.
I do not think anyone could have a better job than Kate.
Titanic is the greatest movie of the 21st Century.
There is nothing wrong with this movie.
Apart from that it is truly the best movie of all time.
The script is better than average and the production overall of a high standard.
It just fails to engage the viewer particularly at key moments.
95 would be an acceptable price for the film.
Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of it.
Not that Titanic has none of that.
But the reason Titanic works is that it is such an emotional ride.
And look at the top ten grossing films of all time.
And this movie made 1.
8 BILLION DOLLARS worldwide.
It can not be bad.
no one will remember it in 50 years.
It was so touching and beautiful.
I strongly recommend seeing for all.
Could they ever replace such an epic masterpiece.
It will be almost impossible.
The director no doubt had the major impact on the film.
The movie creates an amazing visual and a wonderful feeling.
Everything looks very real and live.
The acting was the real effect.
No one could have done better.
They are partly the reason why the film is so great.
I guess it is not too much to talk about.
I will also say that the last five minutes were very moving.
It was all over the news and one of the biggest tragedies ever.
In the end you can have your eyes dropping rainstorms or silent tears.
The story is simple and it works.
She calls and tells her tale on the RMS Titanic.
Everything about the story works and there are very few flaws.
Rose almost commits suicide but the Gilbert Grape star rescues her.
I really liked the hanging over the boat scene.
It was a good risk.
However I think it is unfair to say that they are terrible actors.
Titanic is a classic.
When the movie came out people flocked to the theaters.
It was safe to say we were obsessed and for good reason.
They trusted each other.
They sure as hell are giving Romeo and Juliet a run for their money.
It really blows my mind when someone says they hate this movie.
For me personally this film goes down in my top four of all time.
He sees a story and adds a strange quality to the film.
But Titanic is so much different to his other strokes of brilliance.
The music has become iconic and legendary.
My heart will not go on from this one.
Jack and Rose return to the top deck.
Leonardo DiCaprio is terrific on screen with big charisma.
He keeps a 56 carat blue diamond worn by Louis XVI.
The decor is overwhelming.
One for the ages.
Everything of the time was very formal.
Men of the time generally smoked cigars not cigarettes.
Technically the film is very well done.
PEOPLE make the film a huge success.
I avoided watching this film for the longest time.
One of the girls spoke about this movie.
I shared my feelings with my fellow judges.
The movie must have done something right to get her so interested.
Then it finally appeared on Pay TV.
My high school public speaking contestant was right.
The gaiety of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world.
This is truly an excellent movie.
It is the most amazing love story ever attempted.
I will gladly side with the majority this time around.
And they are too embarrassed now to admit it.
in all the same places.
You look like an out of touch cynic.
No movie is perfect and this one has a few faults.
Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation.
James Cameron managed what many believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic.
How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me.
I was utterly transfixed.
This film is one memorable scene after another.
Titanic leaving port in Southampton.
The screams of the doomed after she went down.
And that ending that brought even the burliest man in the theater to tears.
And the love theme was beautiful and tragic.
The film was made with such humanity.
This is a movie teenagers should watch.
Maybe that way they will start appreciating the value of family again.
He should be offered more serious roles.
This movie can be appreciated by people of all ages.
Because it portrays the values that are important in life.
It just may be haunted.
A crucial problem occurs at the beginning of the film.
The tracking and the cuts need to be slow.
The performances help create tension.
But neither menace is really the point.
The point is human relationships.
There are a number of character arcs that are very interesting.
How disappointing to have it end.
Every character was important and did a fabulous job carrying their role.
I would have loved to see each character develop over the years.
Yes it touched my heart.
Family problems abound in real life and that is what this movie is about.
ALL the actors portraying their characters did outstanding performances.
A must see for those who care about their families.
The cinematography deserves every accolade it has received over the years.
Anyone looking for real teens here is expecting too much.
I think this movie was way ahead of its time.
I have no doubt lesbians will identify with the characters here.
This is a film.
Fine acting and directing.
Watching this film made me remember my first love.
Highly recommended for all film lovers.
I plan on trying to get a copy of it myself to watch.
The story is very touching and I would recommend it to anyone.
This is a movie for the whole family despite its rating.
This is a movie I will show to my children.
She was such a great actor for being so little.
but she really seemed to be in character perfectly.
which is just so heartwarming after all the mishaps in the movie.
The two lead performances are believable and beguiling in their societal context.
This movie is the best film ever.
Little girl liked to be his granddaughter and King of Masks liked a grandson.
They were not conventional in real.
Every scene they were together was priceless.
The camera work is flawless and grips you.
The acting is inspired.
He played his helpful and kindhearted character extremely well.
I can not recommend this film enough.
The whole film is in loops.
Everything has a significance.
It just keeps changing its mood like its protagonist changes his face.
Last scene on the rope is phenomenal.
Story and script is flawless.
Both the protagonists are artists you can tell the way they have performed.
It was not even nominated for Oscars.
The young girl is an amazing talent.
The original Chinese dialog heightens the emotional intensity of the performances and the story.
What a wonderful film.
The acting is sublime.
The filming is pleasant and the environment is keenly realistic.
It seemed worthwhile to experience.
Acting is solid enough.
Thematically puerile but still rich enough to compliment the vehicle of its expression.
The story is absorbing.
The setting is serene and the costuming simple.
But do not get me started on that.
This movie was excellent.
A sad truth to how culture tends to clash with the sexes.
This is just one big warm fuzzy type of movie.
This equals on big happy movie in the end.
Bound to be in Oscar contention for best foreign film.
A welcome alternative to unsatisfying summer action movies.
And I think they did pretty well with this.
There are many stories inside this one.
An unexpected pleasure as I had heard nothing about this film.
Shameful since it warrants having a wider audience.
Solidly acted by the principals.
Master Wang is sold a son by a slave trader.
All is well as he joyfully prepares to pass down his art.
But the son eventually is found out to be a girl.
This is a wonderful film for children as well as adults.
Beautiful and touching movie.
I never saw such an interesting setting when I was in China.
This is probably my favorite movie of all time.
It is perfection in its storytelling.
Street entertainer catching the attention of famous opera star and friendship ensuing.
I was happy to see the Shaw Brothers are still producing good films.
The story is simple.
The faces of the actors are marvelous to see.
A round device that creates a wormhole.
It gives you the ability to travel to distant worlds.
I find that great.
Blockbuster has it rated as though it were an X rated movie.
This deserves a lot better treatment.
and the problems that ensue afterward.
The rest of the story is how the two manage after that.
This spectacular film is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen.
I simply can not recommend this movie highly enough.
It may just change you forever once you have seen it.
It shows Taylor at the height of her beauty.
Thank goodness Dana Andrews is around to save the day.
One of my favorite guilty pleasures.
Atlantis is still going strong on its 4th seasons.
Such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought.
My parents took me to this movie when I was nine years old.
I have never forgotten it.
I had never before seen anything as beautiful as Elizabeth Taylor.
The soundtrack of the English version is also very good.
I wonder if they ever made a soundtrack album of that.
The subtleties are truly out of this world and the characterization is beyond brilliant.
I do have some complaints though.
Uneven in places but still a lot of fun.
Or couch for that matter either.
I am very picky with my selections.
Stick with it and you will see what I'm talking about.
Then went and bought both acts.
They were even better than I had experienced at first.
Hope it is not lost.
They had to be that good to play that demented.
I like it and recommend it for movie lovers of all ages.
I have not seen another movie like this.
You can not not be impressed by this movie.
A treat to all avid fans of Indian cinema.
A man forced to join a career of a cop by his cop father.
Recommended to all who are interested in nostalgia of serious Hindi films.
Till this movie was made there was no audience for documentaries in India.
Each one played their part par excellence.
His father is a harsh Police Constable.
His compromise towards unethical practice is negative.
Finally he gets suspended.
The Practical approach of Script is a major Punch.
Those aspects are dealt brilliantly.
Words fall short for this great work.
This movie has stood the test of times.
Thus this movie was truly a trend setter.
This trend dominated the Hindi movie scene for more than a decade.
This movie was a moderate box office hit.
This is a very good and a classic film.
Its also interesting how each character is practically the opposite of the other.
Id say though that it turned out just fine.
The Haunted World of Edward D.
Documentary about the infamous Edward D.
covering his life and movies.
There are interviews with people who worked with him or knew him.
Interviews are mixed with clips from the movies or some bizarre recreations.
Wood had ambitions but not a bit of talent to carry them out.
Still it is of interest if you are a Wood fan.
I loved this film.
Not being a swooning Ed Wood Jr.
could not be condensed to a single viewpoint.
This collaborative effort is the closest to knowing him that we can ever get.
Best watched at 3 am while wearing an angora sweater.
The film puts the atrocity into context of the time.
It also shows the savagery of the soldiers on the day of the atrocity.
An excellent and accurate film.
McGovern takes great pains to research and document his writing and it pays off.
Never before seen such a sick and twisted thing.
The Story is good and the actors do their thing very well.
It just all theoretically possible and exciting.
7 or 8 out of 10.
I do not want to give away too much.
The pilot is extremely well done.
It lays out how the characters bond in future episodes.
I do not think anyone could have created a better pilot for this show.
It displays remarkable creativity on the writers part.
I would love to get a copy of it.
Thanks for the assistance.
It just seemed to be believable.
thanks for the hours of entertainment you have provided over the years.
Proper grammar and pronunciation are essential to a film.
However Abby has other plans of her own.
There are also various assorted body parts.
for those with the stomach.
The atmosphere is suspenseful and the killing sequences are suitably nasty and unsettling.
Well its about time.
At the start of the episode the couple are having a conversation.
Abbey has caught Cliff cheating and he is desperately trying to win her back.
And this is just the setup people.
A man and his wife get in a horrible car accident.
My apologies to him for my underestimation.
but this is easily the best episode of the season.
but they may someday end up being masters in the future.
I liked this one a lot.
Do NOT watch whilst eating pudding.
But the fun is in the journey.
then you want a thriller.
This is a romantic comedy.
This is a really old fashion charming movie.
And While You Were Sleeping.
The rest of the cast is fun.
And that is what makes it fun to watch.
The two leads always have to get together.
I liked all the NY characters and I loved the locations.
then this is for you.
This was a great movie.
Her smile is radiant and her beauty can not be disguised.
I do not understand the comments that there was no chemistry between them.
I guess we see what we want to see.
I think you will like it.
A beautiful postcard of New York.
My teenagers liked it too.
This film told a story that felt comfortable but not old or done.
The ending came with a twist which we all liked too.
I recommend it and we need more of these films to watch.
Anybody who appreciates a romantic Movie SHOULD SEE IT.
I caught this film at a test screening.
Was very surprised to find a really sweet and fun story.
Takes place in the best locations in New York.
Made me want to go there.
It was clean and great for whole family.
I think it will do well.
Audience I saw it with loved it.
He sure can and is likable in this movie.
I just can not understand the negative comments about this film.
Thanks Fox for producing it.
The actor who played Jesus was miscast.
I would love to buy the CD.
There are few films or movies I consider favorites over the years.
The Gospel road was one of them.
Besides I am a Johnny Cash fan and it was a brave venture.
I came out surprised and very amused.
She had amazing comedic timing.
And its depiction of contemporary L.
Never before has a movie made L.
We already know the public taste leans heavily toward the mediocre.
I think it had it all.
It made me laugh out loud over a dozen of times.
I think it is a shame it only scored 5.
This had a good story.
it had a nice pace and all characters are developed cool.
Good job in writing.
This is a great film.
I agreed to watch a chick flick and some how ended up with this.
Actually my vote is a 7.
Rock won with his movie.
overall it was actually better then i expected but not by much.
a typical romantic comedy with its moments i guess.
The characters are all funny.
They work together very well.
The real match up is Paul Rudd and Lake Bell.
Over Her Dead Body was a nice little movie.
I do not see how this movie was bad.
I could have dealt with a 5.
I have always looked forward to new episodes with great anticipation.
Snafu shorts were actually quite funny.
It stands up as one of the best of the Private Snafu shorts.
The setting is an Army camp.
This is a highly effective piece of work.
A good way to lose a war is demoralize the enemy.
This cartoon may be 65 years old but it sure has relevance today.
People forget that war could have easily wound up with the other side winning.
It was a tense time.
A surprise emotional ending.
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved.
Especially the opening moments are terrific.
Egon in the meanwhile goes to college and settles with a woman.
The movie is chronological in a way.
A surprise emotional ending.
When you will leave the cinema you will be moved.
But after few episodes I became a fan.
Struggling to the end when all hope is lost.
This is as authentic a scene you can get in rural India.
All said and done this is one good Movie.
although other movies are not far behind.
one man that will never ever disappoint you.
The sets were also pretty good.
And that is when the problems start.
She is sure to win awards for this heated portrayal.
This picture has everything any movie could ever have.
Yet he makes up for it with a spirited and truly unexpected performance.
The movie is not without its share of realism.
Then things go terribly wrong.
Her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unrestrained emotion is simply incredible.
The movie was disturbing at moments.
What is most ironic is this is probably her weakest written role to date.
The other good performance was the little kid.
The movie was probably saved desperately by their performances.
This disc is NOT for the faint of heart.
This is the Who at their most powerful.
The Original Drum and Bass.
This concert footage for me is one of their best.
The crowed went wild.
not to mention acting like an Old West gunslinger.
His great vision and creativity really helped this film.
Some of the camera shots in the film were done very well.
I certainly will not be raving about the story of this film.
The dialect and lifestyle details are accurately reminiscent of this region of the Philippines.
I played it a zillion times during Spring 1993 with my friend Andrew.
Then Streets of Rage 2 came out.
And we quickly forgot that this one even existed.
You even have the chance to become Mr.
Streets of Rage also has truly fantastic music.
Easy to get into and hard to put down.
Baddies often walk away from you instead of engaging in combat.
This is especially infuriating with the Level 5 boss.
Lack of combo moves.
Lack of decent weapons.
Bad guy models are repeated far too often.
Davis as Major General George S.
And sometimes not even then.
All i hear about is how poorly the animation is done.
I hope for a sequel very soon.
I do not think Lady Death would transfer well to film.
Then she seeks revenge.
and the rest you better see it from the movie.
If the movies got anymore awesome.
I would have her babies.
And I am female.
Read the comics you will not regret it.
Yes in this movie since Brian P.
the artist for her died we do not get nearly as good artistic work.
Different Strokes for different folks as the saying goes.
Why everyone else hates that is beyond me.
Character development was fine.
I like how they brought the transition from Hope to Lady Death around.
his dark bruiting style was perfect for this kind of movie.
Gotta find a copy somewhere.
I would have preferred that New Yorker Films had translated the title directly.
This film has renewed my interest in French cinema.
All these incidents cause other events that .
But then this is the magic world of cinema.
Stranger things have happened.
The subtitles quite annoyingly gave both parts of a dialog at once.
This occurs in the first few minutes of the film.
All of that is interesting enough.
That kept me guessing for a while.
A chance meeting at the metro sets the tone for the film.
The best part of the movie comes with about 20 minutes left.
The ending to this movie is top notch.
Some folks might think that was an improvement.
These psychological thrillers are less entertainment than some kind of remote therapy.
This one is a pip.
Meanwhile the rest of the family schemes to sabotage the romance.
The results are predictable.
You get a little bit of everything in this movie.
Sexual tension between the sisters.
A little subtle masochism.
One or two of the actors sound vaguely familiar.
The acting is so bad it is hard to believe.
It was shot in and around LA mostly at night and probably without permits.
The end was so bizarre that I thought it was a joke.
That hilarious line is typical of what these naughty sisters say.
The other is got up to look like Marilyn Monroe.
All three sisters are played by starlets.
He had something of a career.
He also is shown sopping wet in a swimsuit.
The movie is not bad.
I truly do not know where it was shown.
The women are scantily dressed.
But the guy seems to be the central focus.
And I think the audience is meant to also.
Make sure to catch it when broadcast.
The perplexing ending is actually quite consistent with the rest of the film.
and I DO mean it.
But rarely a movie worth watching is actually rated under 6.
The movie is not perfect.
Its true rating should be an 8 or a 9.
The best reason to watch was on the Elvira show a few years back.
Elvira delivered the movie with as many laughs as one can.
I was around 7 when I saw this movie first.
Most yeti pictures are fatally undermined by a grave paucity of energy and enthusiasm.
I saw it at a midnight screening in L.
You are the best.
Stargate is the best show ever.
All the actors are absolutely perfect for there roles.
I love the connection between the characters.
If you have not seen this show I very highly recommend it.
Vote 7 and half out of 10.
Instead these guys fight to the death with brutal results.
Several horses get chopped up.
The production is very impressive and the setting is bleak.
Just remember it is not child friendly.
Sadly this has not been true of the films he has made in Hollywood.
I used to LOVE this movie when I was little and I still do.
And It proves that love and friendship can never be destroyed.
This show has been my escape from reality for the past ten years.
I will sadly miss it.
Although Atlantis has filled the hole a small bit.
Robert wrote something that felt close to reality.
From episode one I was hooked.
It has inspired me to do many things that I thought was impossible.
I never want the show to die.
The voice acting for me was what made the movie.
I found it more interesting than that.
This movie has to be my favorite of all time.
or at least I hope that his movies sucked because of these limitations.
This movie is banned in just about every foreign country I can think of.
Just 3 men torturing a woman for about 45 minutes.
The worst is the eye scene.
So I popped this sucker in and sat down.
This ended up not being the case.
The film fails to shock.
The characters had become stale as well.
Colonel Jack O'Neill was the stereotypical hero with emotional baggage.
only allowing his close friends in.
Amanda Tapping joined the cast as Captain Samantha Carter.
Christopher Judge has done quite a bit with a limited character.
He is also a rock.
Davis has done an incredible job with Hammond making him sympathetic and normal.
If not allowed by his superiors to provide troops to support teams off world.
He will go himself.
This gave him confidence.
He still monitors the groups ethics.
He still is lead at providing information that can move any mission forward.
Definitely different from her soldier like character Arin Soon.
I have seen all the guinea pigs and this one is easily the best.
Another movie I'm hiding from my parents.
This movie has no story.
Although I was disgusted by this movie i really liked it.
I guess it fills some kind of purpose.
I have seen the short movie a few years ago.
After that I watch all sequels.
I have already watch the making of Guinea Pig 1.
Also the sequels are excellent in the special effects.
however the scenes with the pinching and the hot oil look very real.
My name is Steve and I run Unearthed Films.
I'm writing this review because I love the Guinea Pig films.
I have seen it all.
from every underground cult sensation to every Hollywood blockbuster.
This review is for the Devils Experiment.
I find it devoid of story which is fine by me.
The Devils Experiment not only delivers but that is all it is.
Why do people bash it.
It make em feel better about themselves.
We all want blood and gore.
My view is biased cause were releasing them but then again it is not.
The Devils Experiment is NOT for everybody.
What happens next was always unpredictable.
They are simply fun to watch.
Just the ultimate masterpiece in my opinion.
It just keeps getting better and better.
Definitely worth a shot.
You are never sure of who is exactly who in this movie.
This is both a quality and a drawback of the script.
As the movie ends you feel that the story lacks a bit of consistency.
But all this is largely compensated by the excellent psychological development.
This is definitely one of the best movies about gambling.
all the while building the story.
I enjoyed this show for two reasons 1.
Richard Dean Anderson 2.
The chemistry between all the main characters is just tremendous.
This relationship carries over into the program we get to see.
You watch the others roll their eyes in dismay at some of his utterances.
He understands what to do without having to think about the matter.
The quality declined markedly in seasons 9 and 10.
Amanda Tapping was phoning in her performances these two seasons.
You could see her greatly changed appearance after having a baby.
She was probably thinking more about the child than the show.
The major characters lack the chemistry of the cast of the original.
The use of torches for illumination in these ships is just as bad.
I wondered about some of the continuity on the show too.
The patient was in on the con from the beginning.
This is very nearly a perfect film.
It has a definite Hitchcock slant to it.
ten year later perhaps.
Here she gets involved with Joe Mantegna.
I loved this series at first.
I thought it was all brilliant.
I loved them all.
Not a big deal.
It is a worthy successor to this brilliant series.
Davis died a few weeks ago.
It is a great loss.
House of Games is spell binding.
There are few movies I have seen that can grip you so quickly.
From the opening scene this movie just gets you.
From the moment the movie is over it begs to be replayed.
Joe Mantegna was also wonderful.
At least in the beginning.
With the arrival of Mantegna things pick up.
The camera is very cinematic.
The best chunk is in the middle.
I will admit the setup is pretty improbable.
To say anything more about the plot would ruin the suspense.
Some have complained that Dr.
House of Games is a wonderful movie at multiple levels.
It is a fine mystery and a shocking thriller.
At this level it does succeed admirably.
House of Games sticks to its business.
As usual you really ought to see this film in a movie theater.
It should be a natural for film festivals.
Nominate it for one near you if you get the chance.
Better she should see it on a TV than not at all.
An extremely enjoyable film experience that is worth repeated viewings.
And nothing is what it seems.
I will watch it again and again.
Bruce is a guy who is unhappy with his life.
God comes to Bruce and grants him Godly powers.
Bruce uses these powers to get everything he has always wanted.
This movie was inspirational and deep.
This is one of those movies that they did too much promoting for.
If you watch T.
Just do not go see this movie expecting to be surprised.
I absolutely loved this movie.
It met all expectations and went beyond that.
It also had a message.
This movie had me laughing and crying.
It also sends a message that we should all know and learn from.
If you liked liar liar you will love this movie.
What better comic genius to remind us of that than Jim Carry.
Morgan Freeman was just right as God.
My biggest complaint is that they should have used more biblical references.
Bruce Almighty was enjoyable.
Eight out of ten stars.
The only purpose this movie has is to make the viewer laugh several times.
I laughed out loud and left with a smile.
This movie is very entertaining though.
The movie is a great combination of comedy and typical romance.
In fact all the characters are great.
His character is like all of us.
Morgan Freeman made a great God.
I laughed my ASS off during Liar Liar and Ace Ventura.
Morgan Freeman makes a VERY cool God.
A very funny movie.
It was definitely worth the price of admission.
He was both funny and sad.
I am glad they made a sequel to this film.
God confronts him and show Bruce the error of his ways.
The deleted scenes are priceless.
And it is really funny.
This coherence gives the show exceptional staying power.
I found this highly amusing.
Enter the flagrant abuse of powers for personal gain and to abuse the enemies.
China O'Brien returns home to help out her dad.
Maybe they emphasize too much the lesson that has to be learned.
I found it to be better than the short story it was based on.
The two try to learn a way to save her.
The ending is sad but has an interesting final moment that makes it touching.
Upon arriving he is given an injection and is curious as to why.
A nice story with a heartwarming conclusion.
And the first 20 minutes of the film only heightened that feeling of anticipation.
It has said that The Movies and Baseball both thrived during The Great Depression.
The literature of the time also flourished at all levels.
There were mediums that were ancestral to them.
The other direct ancestor was the Pulp Magazine.
Each of them was an expert in a given field.
We are also puzzled about Mr.
I can remember seeing it quite vividly.
It explains a lot of the stuff that the movie neglected to mention.
That was only the beginning of the adventure.
Unlock the gate and step through.
Ron Ely is just right as Doc.
Doc Savage does not have the extensive location work that Raiders has.
The best way to approach this film is to just RELAX and enjoy.
Overall a great movie to watch on a rainy day.
I give it 7 out of 10.
But they are very close to the feel of the pulps.
This is a VERY entertaining movie.
IT WAS NOT MADE THAT WAY.
All of the actors are obviously having fun while entertaining us.
The actors were not trying to emulate Bruce Lee or Jackie Chan.
This is NOT one of those martial arts films.
An unmissable treat for the whole family.
Ron Ely is a God.
Somerset Maugham stories which comprise the film.
The performances and attention to detail were wonderful to watch.
Both have a rather large number of somewhat cheesy accents and wonderful character actors.
The children ARE a bit tedious and could have been edited.
Again the author introduces the film and the stories.
Soon he has a whole chain of stores.
I will not describe the way Max rises to the occasion.
Culver watches as three stories among these characters play out to their conclusions.
The film ends after the court sums up.
This film delivers an effective story that stays with you once it has finished.
He betrays everything and everybody without an ounce of remorse.
The performance is one of the most chilling performances I have ever seen.
I still can not get over it.
But here she proves she up to the task of heavier drama.
Knox as the Nazi is brilliant.
He charts the course of a Nazi career.
the movie really shines in a couple of areas.
The phone conversation across the border is really memorable.
He has taken the bus to visit his son Norman is Los Angeles.
So RF attempts to reach his wife in Mexico.
I will kill him.
It ends less predictably than you would think.
There was so much that was just off.
You can find the URL in my email address above.
Say what you will about schmaltz.
It is inspiring because it is about people of noble purpose.
It can not all be blamed on Mr.
I'm not comparing George Bush to Adolph Hitler.
The movie had me laughing from start to finish.
and have no profile at all today.
It is very funny and YES very rude and hilariously all wrong.
Just as it should be.
I wish there were more films like this.
Entertaining if a little on the long side.
I found the movie and the performances fun and enjoyable.
Williams is a jewel.
There are a lot of laughs in the process.
Melvyn Douglas proved again that he had few peers in light comedy.
Joan Blondell was at the peak of her career and is a delight.
This movie is very good.
The screenplay is enchanting.
Her performance is excellent.
She brings me to go into the heart of her role.
Paul Lukas plays the very earnest and decent head of his family.
but the dialog is just bad at times.
but that is really about all.
I believe they were telling the truth the whole time.
U cant trust anything in the wild.
They family went through hell.
Those poor boys too young to understand what was going on around them.
As well as dealing with the lose of their little sister.
I cant believe this case went on for so long.
I think everyone should watch this.
8 out of 10.
Religious bigotry is rampant everywhere.
Australia is not immune to it.
This is a very moving motion picture with a terrific cast of actors.
Those with supporting roles are also quite good.
You will remember this movie for many years.
and they deliver in every way.
A CRY IN THE DARK far exceeded my expectations.
A Cry in the Dark is likewise clinical.
What followed was a gross miscarriage of justice.
The whole country was abuzz with whispers of a ritual killing.
A very good effort by the master of that trade.
A strong Aussie cast lend compelling support.
Truly a must for all conscientious Australians.
I found it hard to like anyone in this film.
What is infuriating is that it is not that difficult.
It is difficult enrapture an audience when you purposely deny them insights into yourself.
The story behind the movie is fascinating in and of itself.
The cast just makes it that much more appealing.
Her performance as Lindy Chamberlain was inspiring.
I think she is worth all 10 or so of her Oscar nominations.
A pretty good film.
Their is more to the plot but you can find that out for yourself.
Not everyone goes into wild melodramatic hysterics to every major crisis.
It captured the themes of the story brilliantly.
Where this really stands out is the acting.
The performances are excellent.
There is some moderate to strong language and disturbing content in this.
I recommend this to any fellow fan of such.
Lindy Chamberlain was this woman.
She is subsequently arrested and put on trial.
Only after years in jail was he exonerated.
This is one of those movies.
It proves that people are the same the world over.
You will probably get blown away just by what you see here.
I really felt for her when Lindy was being persecuted.
It turned out to be better than I had anticipated.
Paul Lukas was certainly deserving of his Oscar.
Bette Davis shines brilliantly as the great actress and beauty she was.
Some movies seem to be made before we are ready for them.
Today these circuses have become common but that makes the lesson only more important.
The Aussie accents get a bit thick at times but not incomprehensible.
ROLL is a wonderful little film.
Parts of it reminded me of LOCK STOCK AND TWO SMOKING Barrels.
I really want to visit Australia one day.
Some of the best filmmakers in the are Australian.
The cinematography in ROLL was especially impressive.
I loved the stylized colors and lighting in many of the scenes.
Mat is unlikely to have a quiet evening in before his big day.
Toby and Damien were well cast together and did an outstanding job.
And then things go wrong.
I have just watched Roll and what a pleasure it turned out to be.
Watch out for these two.
I am of course kidding.
He feels that FDR connived the U.
Paul Lukas deserved the Oscar he won.
They are moneyed people who could silently advance evil simply by not opposing it.
i will keep checking in.
it also has some of the same delicacy and persistent poignancy.
The previous reviewer has said it exactly.
I still remember some of the scenes.
I recall going to the library researching all that I could on this story.
I even wrote to the PBS station for more information.
There was one other bidder but I was determined to win this movie.
The losing bidder wrote me asking for a copy which I gave her.
Almost 30 years later I recall this original PBS film as almost unbearably tender.
Bo and Luke Duke help Uncle Jesse run Moonshine in the General Lee.
Coltrane was way too serious.
Back to the movie.
The real star is of course the General Lee.
The car chases and stunts are excellent and that is really what D.
And I really enjoyed this flick.
I enjoyed myself here a lot more than I did with other summer blockbusters.
And as far as the plot goes.
It was the perfect Dukes plot.
And I would have like a little bit more incompetence from Sheriff Roscoe.
In the movie Roscoe is a little.
I saw this movie when I was a child.
It blew me away.
I would recommend this movie to any and everyone.
The color was outstanding.
I even liked most of the actors in it.
Davis they would be laughed off the screen.
The possible exception is Now Voyager.
I absolutely adore this film.
Some of the back story on this production is fascinating.
This is a beautiful movie filled with adventure.
The Genii in the bottle is a classic scene.
I loved every minute of it.
A fantastic Arabian adventure.
He collects amazing toys from around the world.
And the scene with the giant spider looks especially awful.
But it is not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of the inventions.
Also impressing is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet.
Of course good gets a little help from an unlikely source.
Not a bad message to be sending out in 1940 at that.
Everything is rushed as if they has to suddenly get to the end.
Probably the finest fantasy film ever made.
Doubtless Spielberg and Lucas were enthralled by this one.
Every frame has its own magical charm.
Here is a film that will never grow old.
I have never passed up an opportunity to watch it throughout the intervening years.
This remarkable picture ranks as one of the finest fantastic films of all time.
8 out of 10.
Here is a villain worth watching.
The rest of the cast do fine work.
The two escape and take a boat to the city of Basra.
Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden.
Then he is captured.
The Prince has fallen into a sleep and nothing can wake her.
He does awaken her.
His first is for sausages.
He has the genie take him to Ahmad.
Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess.
She smells a flower and forgets everything at once.
The production designs are just stunning in this movie.
From the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter.
The music and songs are also well done.
A wonderful film highlighting American positive propaganda against a wicked foe.
Rex Ingram made me believe in genies.
He set the bar very high.
I watch this movie at least twice a year.
and never tire of it.
This film is an adventure for all ages.
I was ten years old the first time I saw it and the U.
was just about to enter WWII.
Yet they fit into the story well.
The effects fit with the script.
Everything is just so beautiful.
The sets are beautiful.
Those effects still work their charm.
The giant genie is ably acted by Rex Ingram.
Butler and Tom Howard.
Both men had long and distinguished careers in technical wizardry.
This is one of the best of its kind.
I have to agree with MR.
Lillian was actually months ahead of her time with this work.
Lukas fought in Spain on the Republican side and was wounded there.
His health has not been the same since.
His family loyally supports him in whatever decision he makes.
Those decisions affect all the other members of the cast.
The MGM art and music departments also did a good job.
Also notice that Ms.
This is a most handsome film.
There is precious little in the story line that relates to actual events.
These web sites can be located by using any good search engine.
There are also several books available concerning his life history.
He was singing Jose in Carmen in San Francisco the night of the earthquake.
His acting is natural and genuine.
And why should it.
To say that liberties were taken with his life is to be modest.
His contribution to the recording industry is treated as almost an afterthought.
The result was a wonderful movie.
I like it because of my recent personal experience.
Especially the ideas that everyone is free and that everything is finite.
The movie did a good job making this simple day a good memory.
Before Sunrise did not try to instill a specific thought into your head.
The end was not quite important after all.
Movies are supposed to be enjoyable.
This is an enjoyable movie and worth of your time to watch it.
I am on a journey too.
The movie somehow represented some part of me and answered some of my questions.
But will this newfound relationship last past sunrise.
I am now restless waiting for the weekend so I can see the sequel.
Will soften even the hardiest heart.
I'm not usually a fan of strictly romantic movies but heard this was good.
Easily the most romantic thing I have ever seen in my life.
The chemistry is flawless as is the writing and directing.
You can not look away nor can you stop listening to them.
Even the little moments just melt your heart.
On the train he met a French girl Celine.
Then the romantic story unfolded.
At first they were cautious.
The funniest scene was their listening to CD in music store.
Their deep love for each other was expressed completely by words.
Love is a strange thing.
Love needs mutual understanding.
Spiritual harmony is the most important for love.
Excellent screenplay and performance resulted in huge success of the movie.
One of the best romance movies.
the most amazing combination of love and psyche of two young people.
presented in the most sublime manner and definitely touches your heart.
the movie re affirms your faith in love and pain of separation.
the joy of seeing your most beloved is unparalleled and anything can be sacrificed.
A must see movie for all the people who believe in true love.
What the actors bring out is what becomes of them .
right or wrong even the idea bearers would find it difficult to justify.
This is a slow moving story.
I really mean that.
Still it did not ruin the movie.
The dialog is fascinating.
The build up to the finale is satisfying and in the end rewarding.
Krebs of the nineties.
I was totally satisfied with the outcome and everything else.
But it certainly spoke to me.
They must have improvised during some parts and it works well.
They have a great chemistry in their roles.
I get the feeling that this was a very personal work for Mr.
It definitely touched me and I hope it touches others just as much.
Of course my favorite character was the Grandmother played by Lucile Watson.
But I loved the way Betty Davis and her family was portrayed.
did not act like children in the slightest.
This movie is intelligent.
The actors play absolutely brilliantly.
Balancing on this fine line demands outrageously talented actors.
This is simply a gem of a movie that you can not miss.
The dialog is perfect.
They talk and fall in love.
This is a movie that ultimately benefits from more than one viewing.
See it and it may change your way of life.
i watched this movie 10 years ago.
and have watched it on video an average of once a year since.
We are too afraid to check that out.
It does not strike me as totally wrong.
Few can claim that.
It has dialog with bite in it.
And what it says is quite true.
It also has moments of near poetry.
Hellman could write very well at times.
Dialog and acting are great.
I love the characters and their ideas and thoughts.
But that is not the point.
Their story is what we ever wanted and probably most of us never reached.
This was so clever and touching.
I want to go to Vienna.
I want to see them as soon as possible again.
They are both masterpieces.
I'm sorry for my English which i m trying to best.
My vote is ten.
Before Sunrise is romance for the slacker generation.
Adding to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna.
Before Sunrise is simultaneously beautiful and captivating.
Before Sunrise is what it is.
This movie focuses purely on watching the budding of a beautiful romance.
What makes this pairing so romantic is how real it is.
This is exactly they way you would dream that you meet that special someone.
It just adds to the feeling of romantic nirvana that the film suggests.
One can not help but be touched deeply by looking at this movie.
We have several dimensions of love that contributes to the value of this movie.
There is the divine love of God that is beautifully portrayed.
There is the love in a marriage.
He knows that he and his wife are one and can never be separated.
Talk to someone and let them know you love them.
Love does no good unless it is given to another.
this movie has a real feel to it.
Give this film your full attention and its message will truly inspire.
Her leftist views were not well regarded at the time in the country.
The adaptation is credited to Ms.
They are crossing the border to the United States from Mexico.
They are to continue toward Mrs.
We find out that Mr.
The film offers excellent acting all around.
This was a good film with a powerful message of love and redemption.
Loved the film and it brought tears to my eyes.
A Vow to Cherish is a wonderful movie.
The main characters experience inner struggles and cope with extremely hard decisions.
I know that it may seem a bit idealistic.
Ken Howard is also memorable as the faithful husband.
But nobody forces you to do so.
The ending is very predictable but satisfying.
She displays a knack for comedy as well as an ability to do drama.
The mechanics of the film are a lot of fun too.
The camera displays sophisticated late silent techniques like mobility.
The title cards are also incredibly clever.
I remember seeing promos for this show before it appeared back in 1993.
I will tell you a tale of the summer of 1994.
Desmond Howl had it all.
Canadian cinema suffers from several problems.
who are now still trying to become adults.
and they are having such a hard time adjusting to a regular life.
as they see the new bands etc getting the spotlight.
it is almost like they have to begin anew.
and that is where I find the film sad and depressing.
and she is one lady in a film you will cheer for.
This is an almost perfect movie.
sad but in a way positive.
because of the whales.
I do not know why.
I was in a bad frame of mind when I first saw this movie.
I was amazingly impressed by this movie.
He finds a companion who comes with her own issues.
Des is an unlikely character by todays standards of a rock star.
Yet he has musical genius.
Claire is the streetwise kid that needs a place to stay.
She finds hidden talents while being in Des company.
She also finds a mutual friend that accepts her.
She learns to trust him over a period of time.
These two find love with one another.
two of them in fact.
The bailiff comes by to tell her that she is in a huge debt.
I thought my jawbones would burst.
The acting was outstanding in this movie.
He just cracks me up.
Watch this movie if you ever get a chance.
This is an hilarious movie.
It can also make you laugh so hard your health will improve.
I love this film.
Either would have killed the film completely.
The music was good though not great but filled out the movie nicely.
Her dearly departed has left her with no money and outstanding debts.
Craig Ferguson is equally amiable as Matthew.
The film is thoroughly likable and always amusing.
The supporting cast also does a fine job.
The premise alone is appealing.
And the film plays around with the premise wisely every now and then.
You just might feel more than a little festive after seeing it.
This light hearted comedy should be enjoyed for entertainment value.
The cast of characters meld well together and are quite believable in their roles.
How Grace handles meeting her dead husbands girlfriend was well played.
The last five minutes cost it 2 points in my rating.
I saw Saving Grace right after it came out on video.
The characters are what makes the movie so good.
You will love it.
This film was brilliant.
It was beautifully acted in the more serious scenes and the funny moments were .
I just thought it was excellent and I still do.
Sisters in law will be released theatrically on march 24th in Sweden.
A good occasion for our Nordic friends to discover this original and thoughtful documentary.
Games with this much replay value are few and far between.
Super Mario 64 is undoubtedly the greatest game ever created.
but I hope to achieve them eventually.
The controls are great.
The Bowser fights are challenging.
good for playing in short bursts of time.
I heard that Luigi and Yoshi are in the game towards the end.
The characters are really great.
Especially for it is time.
I found the graphics in the water courses very very good.
This is my favorite part of the game.
Or at least one of the best.
It beats out mediocre Super Mario Sunshine any day.
I have played this game plenty of times and its good every time.
This game is amazing.
Although it is ancient now it was amazing when it came out.
I believe that this game will always be a classic.
You can spend four hours in one level.
You enter the world by going through a painting.
10 out of 10.
There is brief language in this.
I recommend this to any fan of romance stories.
I only hope this film gets a wide release in the United States.
My biggest criticism is the scenery.
It is far too lush.
England has never been like this.
It looks like a chocolate box.
Only Americans would make it like this.
Despite these criticisms I enjoyed this film but would recommend the TV adaptation more.
I wish she had read a little more.
She will hopefully be around for a real long time.
It is one of those old stories that are still accurate those days.
I specially like it when she sings a duet.
I thought you overqualified.
The film is though for some reason very entertaining and I loved it.
Her growing romance with the unparalleled Mr.
Knightly with his poise and nobility.
This is a powerful documentary about domestic abuse in the Cameroon.
And the movie they made deserves a wide audience.
a really enjoyable and deserving movie.
The acting is competent.
Emma is a true romance.
He makes and excellent romantic lead.
It enhances the movie to heights that are extraordinary.
They nearly steal the show.
But it is with characters like Emma that she really shines.
And that is the magic of the movies.
Emma is that movie.
One of the beaten wives also is seeking a divorce.
The outcomes in each case are favorable to the women and children.
This is a highly important and well made film.
What a delightful film.
Toni Collette was great as Harriett Smith.
One of the most endearing characters I have come across in ages.
From one of the opening scenes when she is thanking Mr.
I hope that this film delights you all as much as it has myself.
I love this movie.
This movie is definitely on my top 10 list of good movies.
Make the World go away.
Get it off my shoulder.
Then they start to improve their live by hating away memories.
The sound effects during this were great.
Things really got weird at the end.
It just has to be seen.
the only word that sums up this movie is quirky.
8 out of ten.
I was in for a surprise.
without working that hard.
People complain about the movie being too simple or too boring.
The judges waste no time in lashing out at the woman with fury.
The two leads are great and really carry the film.
This should become a cult favorite.
I thought this was an awesome movie.
It was very weird and unrealistic.
The big cable company is mainly what I'm talking about.
Everything fit together well.
The plain white cover and title intrigued me.
it would have done very well indeed.
It had the audience laughing the whole time.
See it if you can.
I would love to write some more but am on quite a time limit.
However I encourage anyone and everyone to give this film a try.
They live in a strange looking house beneath two freeways.
They are left alone.
They have chemistry and also work very well.
Keep your eyes peeled for this guy.
but it won me over by the end.
just do not ask me to explain it.
And of course that is exactly what happens.
The rest of the story places Dave and Andrew in this world of nothingness.
The entire world of nothing is white.
white no matter in what direction you look.
This is the weakness of this film.
One of the best parts of the film is the set.
Nothing features digital visual effects and prosthetics that equals any modern horror film.
We do not know where they are or what has happened to them.
You will be glad you did.
But that is where even more problems begin.
Just say you hate it and why you hate it.
The direction of the mass scenes in the rehearsal rooms was enormously well done.
The story never really got lost in this frantic pace.
These sequences got a lot a chuckles from the audience as well.
All in all a great film with a sour ending.
The ice cream cone is invented in New York.
Got to be a new record.
And he could dance.
Basically he was a leading man in the body of a character actor.
Such energy and vitality.
I thought I was just going to be rewarded with a small headache.
One of the last releases before the Motion Picture Production Code was strictly enforced.
Gentility and morality made sure of it.
Chester has trouble with people trying to steal his ideas for his shows.
This is a very entertaining film with lots of comedy and plenty of laughs.
One of the best musicals ever.
I would love to know.
How anyone can say this is bad is beyond me.
I loved this show before I even saw it.
Jessica Alba and 3.
The girls are sure game.
They come up smiling with water in their eyes and still hit their marks.
The whole thing must have been incredibly difficult and exhausting.
a human picture forms of Franklin Roosevelt and the NRA eagle.
The movie is full of juicy clichs that make us smile.
And it needs to be said that he was not bad at it.
He plays the role with a lot of confidence.
So do the characters and actors that are portraying them.
Once again the musical numbers also feature a young Billy Barty.
A recommendable early genre movie.
But we always have the movies as a way to escape our troubles.
Apparently Blondell was the only other woman who Cagney loved apart from his wife.
And you can see the mutual adoration in every scene.
This is a wonderful film.
The musical productions of Busby Berkeley will never be duplicated.
I think this movie easily outdoes all of his other efforts.
Joan Blondell and James Cagney are incredible together.
Cagney is always terrific.
I do not understand the John Garfield issue though.
I found it on Turner Classics.
I found it by wonderful accident.
But this is a pretty strange movie.
After a while it gets a bit too much.
But none of them really mean anything.
Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go off really well.
From that point of view it is utter fantasy.
I will gladly watch this film again and again and again and.
But it is all in fun.
7 out of 10.
Herman Bing is hilarious in his one tiny scene as a music arranger.
These are all scenes from a 1933 musical.
Kent is basically an idea man along the lines of choreographer Busby Berkeley.
It has a story.
She is the perfect partner for James Cagney .
Those behind the curtains were hit as bad as those in front.
Some other competitors get wind of it and the competition is on.
But it is so creative and fun to watch.
John Garfield is seen briefly in the Shanghai Lil number.
I think the brothers Warner were playing a little joke there.
I have got to believe that clip was deliberate.
Note the African guys mixed into the scene with white and Asian prostitutes.
Here the black guys are sitting at the bar and singing with the others.
wholeheartedly supported the uplift dictated by the F.
In a few months the Production Code would eliminate such naughty pleasures.
The overall effect is highly erotic and mesmerizing.
A thoroughly enjoyable Depression era romp.
A dark fable for adults.
I hope that a box set of Longstreet will appear.
I also believe that Dark Angel will become a cult favorite.
Thus enabling them to continue their struggle.
Well worth a viewing.
The producers must have got something right.
Not to be missed.
The ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important.
I do not think this is the point of the film at all.
I commend pictures that try something different.
A real window into a specific time and place in history.
Could almost believe this was a true story in a parallel universe.
Gotta start with Ed Furlong on this one.
God bless this kid.
Maybe that is why his performance was good.
The twists keep on coming.
Not glossed over a bit.
These guys are twins.
And some of them are smoking hot.
Merry mayhem is what would happen.
I have to say I totally loved the movie.
It shows how a young gay boy would be treated while growing up.
I had friends who were picked on for one thing or another .
And if you need it explained to you .
This film has good characters with excellent performances from the cast.
The slick soundtrack betrays the murder ballad tone of the film.
I just finished watching this film and found it very enjoyable.
And David plays the bad guy to perfection.
There is much more to this film than first meets the eye.
His character held my attention.
The other people in the story were essential in the makeup of his character.
The way they banded together to help one another was truly awe inspiring.
This is one of the most interesting movies I have ever seen.
I love the backwoods feel of this movie.
The movie is very realistic and believable.
Henry Thomas works well with the young baby.
Very moving story and worth a look.
I saw this film last night on cable and it is extraordinary.
This film is wonderfully atmospheric.
I recommend it highly.
I think that Fox has done it again.
This movie is great to make fun of.
Rent it for a good laugh.
And that is when they meet Ernest Keller.
And he offers to let them stay at his home.
Just seeing this cast in these scenes makes it worth a look.
Barbara Bach and Doug Barr make nice eye candy.
This film is creepy yet cheesy at the same time.
I rated it an 8 out of 10.
His persistent friendliness and almost naturally perverted appearance are exactly what the character needed.
The final shot is especially sad.
Get this film if at all possible.
The gals ask around but there is just nowhere to go.
Bach finally gets home and wants to know where her friends are.
A real treat for your collection.
all the acting done in the first season has been really amazing.
the minis do the best acting job that i have ever seen kids do.
the main actors and actresses i.
Jessica Alba Michael Weatherly etc.
make you forget you are watching a fictional t.
show they seem to make this show come alive.
all in all this is the best show i have ever watched.
One is the art direction.
The other thing is the comic timing.
I thought I should qualify my position after reading other reviews.
The lighting and scenes along with the camera work are great.
The music is pretty good and the gore is good.
There was no sex scenes.
I gave it 7 out of 10 and I think that is fair.
I would watch it again if I had nothing better to do.
The film just wanders along its merry way with very little development.
A decent effort and worth seeing IF you like serial killer flicks.
Campbell is to check this film out anyway and see what else Mr.
Campbell are trying to show you.
Check this one out.
I think this show is definitely the greatest show.
Jessica Alba does such a great job in it.
It was a revelation to us.
Obviously we were wrong.
But we both chose that love anyway.
That kind of stuff is for the Christian wackos.
As we aged we stopped having extramarital affairs.
This story is not far fetched.
My wife and I have been sleeping together for the last 40 years.
We are still gay.
It is a fantasy not unlike a cinder girl becoming a Princess.
Pretty boys being looked after by older not so pretty men.
Bathhouses were an integral part of the gay community.
This movie is as unique as it is overlooked.
The only other problem with that is that Stella herself is a lesbian.
What she finds will leave the viewer stunned.
What was lacking for me was a coherent storyline.
If you take it too seriously the audience will find little to enjoy.
The budget of around 10 million has not been well spent.
The opening action is okay but after that the good moments become more sparse.
There are some good moments.
As for the cast.
Hidden Agenda boasted the best cast Dolph has worked with in ages.
This however has problems.
The actors are on the most part bad.
This movie is all about Dolph though.
It also marks a turning point in his career.
This is an absolute great show.
She is definitely one of a kind and absolutely gorgeous.
This should be higher then 4.
There is a bit of blood and violence.
Jennifer Baxter is very cute and is good as The fiance.
rest of the cast do fine.
I just viewed Detention last night and i liked what i saw.
It was a cool fun movie.
Dolph looked superbly cool on the Bike.
He also looked good in this movie as compared to his other recent movies.
He is now in a pretty good shape.
But it also had its share of Problems.
Another problem which i had was the way the students were swearing.
The third problem was that the bad guys were very few in numbers.
There should have been more bad guys.
Overall the movie was a good Movie.
I would recommend others to watch it.
Now u r a DEAD beat cop.
Rarely has something free been so worth invaluable.
He would deal with her later.
It was led by a German American taking his cue directly from the homeland.
These great films may be too simplistic for World War II history buffs.
It was truly a lot of fun.
The special effects were wonderful.
Blair Witch and The Mummy.
Both films that I thought were terrible.
Blair was probably the most overrated horror film of all time.
People liked it for it is special effects.
But that is about it.
A lot of computer generated special effects and nothing more.
Check this one out and form your own opinion on it.
I give this picture 7 out of 10.
Some films just simply should not be remade.
This is one of them.
In and of itself it is not a bad film.
But you will enjoy the friction of terror in the older version much more.
I do not know why the critics trashed this movie.
I hardly ever agree with them anyway.
Liam was great as always.
The special and sound effects were awesome.
I know it is fashionable now to hate this movie.
I have seen it 15 times now and it gets better every time.
The Haunting lets go and is certainly not boring.
The old Haunting was also a fine film from 1963.
It was even more scary.
What I wish could have happened is for something a little more intense.
The Haunting could have used a few more scenes of pure terror.
The acting is good and there are moments that make you jump.
I just wish it scared me more.
It seems to be a perfect day for swimming.
There is a double question the movie poses.
Some psychological battling there.
It just absolutely rattled me.
I was on vacation with my aunts in Ft.
The plot is about as simple as it gets.
The friction between them is a hoot.
Still a sturdy thriller which builds to an exciting and edifying conclusion.
He died in 1988.
It just makes me feel good.
The two are like apples and oranges.
I watched this movie after seeing it on Broadway.
I love the Broadway musical and I love the movie.
I watched the movie like it was not related to the Broadway show.
I danced for 12 years before I had to make a choice.
I was however super talented as a show rider.
and dedicate to one or the other.
I love the movie.
I love the Broadway musical.
Douglas is also probably not the best choice for the part.
but best of all.
i suggest you do to.
I love this movie.
This is a great movie.
That is an incorrect view.
And that I think is really the point of the whole show.
This is a study of life as a Broadway star.
This is a great musical.
The estate looked like an old prison.
His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very frightening.
Ann Heywood was also very good as the cynical Cathie.
Thank heavens for Turner Classic which aired the show last week.
Some of the boys are a bit scary.
Time has helped heal those wounds.
Understandably because of this the film is seldom aired or available to modern audiences.
Also has the best signature tune of any comedy show.
The comedy rests on the mix of the people sharing.
A man and two women.
Ironically the party was held to say goodbye to their old flatmate.
The obvious ends up happening as he moves in.
What a pity modern comedy can not reach that high standard.
This was in fact untrue.
They are so impressed by his culinary skills that they invite him to stay.
But there must be no naughty business.
So Robin has to pretend to be gay.
She was not alone.
He worked so well he was made into a regular.
Most of its characters had never appeared in the series.
His attention to use of light within scenes is remarkable.
The ending is wonderful.
I must confess that I was completely shocked by this film.
If you think you are into this kind of thing then go.
Overall the film is about real people in an unusual situation.
The second season though suddenly became a bit odd compared to the first.
So I really wish they could start making new episodes.
And with James Cameron behind this it can not go wrong.
I caught this on the dish last night.
I liked the movie.
I liked the look Ben Chaplin has through the whole movie.
Rent it or catch it on the dish like I did.
Maybe they are too implausible.
Birthday Girl is a movie I have enjoyed several times.
Rest of the cast are fine.
I know what I'm talking about.
You will love it.
I spent a ton of time putting it together.
So check it out.
You can not just order her to arrive at your airport.
US Immigration would NEVER allow such a thing to happen.
This is not Great Cinema but I was most entertained.
Given most films these days this is High Praise indeed.
Every time I see Nicole I like her more.
I love a movie like this.
Funny how people miss the point.
I forgot what a gorgeous woman she is.
Some unexpected turns in the story are good for the suspense.
A small funny film.
One think is sure too.
Here she is a natural woman and she does a really great job.
Instead it accurately records necessary growth arising from the films unique circumstances.
Maybe it is just makeup but it was amazing.
Despite my gratuitous digs at Ms.
Nothing prepared me for how brilliant the show is.
The society is suffering from corruption.
The atmosphere is astounding.
It proved to be quite worthy of watching.
She just keeps proving that she is one of the top talents in Hollywood.
This film is definitely an odd love story.
until two hours of write this.
The woman that he finds comes from Russia.
And I'm not sorry in say that this is a masterpiece.
Three out of four stars.
The acting is first class and the characters are represented well.
My vote is eight.
This is not a big budget film.
Rather it is a film that has a strong community feel.
it is to behold .
But it is a less glamorous and more in you face tale.
The Scots excel at storytelling.
She makes the characters come alive.
The same story is told in bars the length and breadth of Scotland.
The discussion continued to closing time.
Stories passed down like this become part of our being.
And also introduces the story that stretches back through generations.
It produces stories within stories.
The stuff of legend.
This is what gives it its special charm.
He burns with frustration.
Yet there is a deeper conflict within him.
He yearns to know the truth.
She has done numerous guest spots and commercials up here in Canada.
Finally someone has the sense to create a show for her.
The supporting case seems quite good too.
I have now watched the pilot several times and I still find it refreshing.
It is a fresh idea and hopefully it does well.
One thing I just thought of though.
Shame on Global for pulling the plug on this one.
I thought this one would be a winner.
It is a great story and also inspires others.
It is unfortunate that the Challenger Accident delayed and hurt the movie.
The 20th Anniversary of the Challenger Accident is coming up.
Julia has been growing up fast.
Wow are we ever going to miss his movies if society collapses.
definitely needed a little work in season 2.
Very good drama in season two.
I was seriously hoping for a third and final season.
I would recommend this as a nice night in movie and a 7 Vote.
Just a cute movie with some subtle comedy to lighten things up.
I personally really like movies like this from time to time.
Nothing too deep or too scary.
Just a nice story line.
And I would have never known Mr.
Phoenix had I not recently read the credits.
He was just a baby really when he made this movie.
Kelly Preston was quite the young budding actress then too.
She and Lea did a wonderful job in this movie.
I agree it is not an Oscar caliber movie.
But very much worth watching.
Or ones that are interested in the space program.
Space Camp is a pretty decent film.
The scene where the shuttle doors open in space is simply spectacular.
it just looks average.
I remember this scene in the theater.
It made you feel like you were really up there.
I was quite impressed.
This film is none of those.
SO sit back with your kids and prepare to enjoy.
The perfect space fantasy film.
This would not be a family film if they all died.
Then it will all be sad.
That sucks so bad.
This film is the best for sure.
And the oxygen in ship was running short.
The view was great from outer space.
It does not look unreal.
i would like to comment the series as a great effort.
I'm glad they did.
Which really enhanced the viewing a lot.
I had never heard of the others in the movie.
I finally found it available in a certain store and bought it.
I will probably have it forever.
This movie gets a 9 out of 10 from me.
Watching this movie again really brought back some great childhood memories .
It was just like revisiting my childhood.
It was an absolutely amazing experience for me.
I will always cherish this movie for that reason.
Those outlets can only show you what happened on the outside.
This film shows you what happened on the INSIDE.
It is a sight you will not soon forget.
We must never forget.
Now I have seen the movie.
Thank God I did.
It offered me closure.
I can now move on with my life.
As the second plane crashes the people understand that this is not an accident.
No other documentary even comes close.
I can not see how this could have been done any different.
I have read most of the comments here.
But I do not think narration is unnecessary.
Like I lot of theorists I think that our own lives are narrations.
We are living and making our own autobiography.
We create a story about our live.
Because in the form of a story we can identify ourselves.
So that is the purpose of adding a story in documentary.
If it was me out there I would be worried sick about my brother.
In my view it would have been better to leave this out.
Nevertheless it is compelling viewing for the depiction of the events.
Conspiracy theorists can go to hell by the way.
Jules asked the captain to follow him into the Towers.
It took me a year to come to grips with the devastation.
I was sick of hearing about it.
It was the first time I had cried since the attack.
I highly recommend this documentary.
These two brothers make me want to have been there to help.
This movie had nobody known.
To sum this documentary up in a few words is next to impossible.
The story was thought up by two French brothers living in New York.
Then the unthinkable occurs.
His work is professional through his baptism of fire.
It ranks up there with the Hindenburg footage in showing history as it unfolds.
I also commend CBS for their bravery at airing this special.
Heroism at its finest and the cost of freedom.
I can not just choose one scene that stood out for me.
There was truly a disturbance in the Force.
This documentary vividly reveals this disturbance.
The feelings are so incredibly visual.
Not a thing is missed.
This is a powerful and most moving documentary and well deserving of the Emmy.
You will need them.
I know that I did.
This is an amazing documentary about a shocking day.
I beg you to consider the fact that the documentary was made.
The courage that it took to shoot this film is most notable.
We find that the two brothers are split up when that moment happened.
I submit a wholehearted 10.
Action will never reach this level.
It spoke of things inescapable to the eye of the camera.
It is art without question or questions.
Tears came to my eyes watching this documentary.
All my memories returned and just the intense images were unbelievable.
How these guys were able to capture this footage was incredible.
That reason alone is why this should be a must see collectors item.
The brothers appear to realistically portray the process of becoming a NYC firefighter.
Life and death hang in the balance.
They were probably added just to attract more television viewers.
Nonpareil portrayals of raw human emotion and drama.
5 out of 10.
The effect would be greater.
I'm reading the books now.
Anyone not moved by this television show is immune to anything.
My roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her.
But I do not think we thought about what they were really going though.
They heard the bodies collapsing on the ground from people jumping out the windows.
May God bless their kind and brave hearts.
She got to see the truth of what had happened that tragic day.
No one expected this to happen.
How wrong I was.
You can not duplicate this.
A great piece of work.
A thin story with many fine shots.
You can see his humor in all his movies.
I love Monte Carlo and thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
I thought everyone was very good.
George Hamilton was charming and the perfect Italian gigolo.
James Belushi is hysterical as a total jerk.
Cybill Shepard gave a very sweet performance as a nice vulnerable ignored housewife.
Just a nice pick me up for a dreary day.
I Spent 5 Years searching for it.
Because his characters are loved and ask to be loved.
But he succeeds in making a good product.
It has an interesting plot complete with lovable characters.
The three main actors.
The show was hilarious to say the least.
Simple and complex jokes that could appeal to all ages.
Running jokes throughout the series that could spawn a drinking game.
I enjoyed this movie.
It is not surprising that this character is vulnerable and nominally eccentric.
I saw that when I was little and it was excellent.
I'm glad to see that I'm not the only one that loved this movie.
we would watch it all the time.
Big rock candy mountain is amazing.
it is so fuzzy and colorful that i dream about it at night.
i recommend that people of all ages watch this movie.
we are going to order pizza and watch the teddy bears giggle.
This show teaches good lessons about imagination and getting along well with others.
Some parts I found quite entertaining.
I would recommend this.
Chuck Norris have many plans for the future .
Good marshal arts acting.
Perhaps the writer should actually WATCH the movie before attempting to comment on it.
I have always enjoyed seeing Chuck Norris in film.
I also enjoyed seeing Judson Mills perform along side him.
The movie was very similar to the events of Sept.
It has a lot of adventure in it.
You will not be disappointed with either one.
A time when it was in to be a swinger.
Not much more to it.
Anna is always eating but must have incredible metabolism.
50 CAN a month you can spend.
Lars Von Triers Europa is an extremely good film.
The final scene is one of the most harrowing scenes ever.
This movie is far better than the original The Jerk.
I would highly recommend it to anyone who like quirky humor.
The card game with the hobos and then with Mr.
The scene at the dinner table and his distaste for turtle soup.
The original The Jerk was too choreographed ans staged.
The Jerk Too is a spoof and will be enjoyed by anyone.
The Jerk Too is family friendly unlike the original The Jerk.
taking nothing away from Marty.
I wish I could get a copy of it for my collection.
I urge you to see it if you can find it.
I'm on the opposite end of the previous comment.
I say give this movie some credit.
It does have plenty of laughs in it.
I do not understand.
My confusion lies with the content.
303 Brownings in a dorsal turret.
Really loved the cinematography and direction.
Pace was just right and the portrayals of nearly all characters was impressive.
and I have yet to see Gladiator.
Everything from marriage to homosexuality is addressed and respected.
I replay their scenes over and over again.
Anyone who has ever been in love will empathize with these people.
All characters are cast and portrayed excellently.
I have watched this movie numerous times and it always makes me laugh.
Very nicely done movie.
It does stay in your memory.
He is good and exudes charm.
I'm glad it allowed as I have heard the sequels are equally outrageous.
Everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it.
For entertainment value I found this movie to be both engaging and repugnant.
They depict the seats of government as being like a revivalist Baptist church.
It is really well done and very entertaining.
It clearly marks a moment in time for our collective consciousness.
the guts and entrails were actually very convincing.
very good for a laugh.
But It was a great mystery that can happen to anyone of us.
i found this movie really great and scary.
and the mind is a powerful thing.
i recommend to watch this movie.
for those who rate it a 1.
they do not understand the film.
and how bad the ocean life can be for each and everyone of us.
One of the great classic comedies.
This is THE spoiler.
We do not see that she is alone.
The girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat.
But I closed my eyes.
The other role that sticks in my mind is that of William Conrad.
I would never see or heard of him before this film.
Conrad plays a terrific part in this film.
It seems to have disappeared from the face of the earth.
Only Phyllis Kirk has any feeling for him.
They humiliate Sinatra and run him out of town.
Pity for some reason this has not been seen for years.
Bill is an excellent actor and would love to see him in more films.
It was a wonderful ensemble performance from all concerned.
i have seen it 3 times so far.
I watched the movie in a preview and I really loved it.
The cast is excellent and the plot is sometimes absolutely hilarious.
Post WWII life is simply and idyllically portrayed.
Art Direction and Editing are way above par.
I enjoyed Still Crazy more than any film I have seen in years.
The concert at the end was unreal.
You have to watch it.
Once again great movie.
I suppose it is fitting that this was his last film.
4 out of 10.
I love this movie.
I would like to see more movies like this.
And when you get to the final scene.
I thought this movie was fantastic.
Kinda reminded me of Spinal Tap.
You will not regret seeing this movie.
I know I do not.
Bruce Robinson was awesome.
Helena was a lovely girlfriend.
The point is this movie deserves repeated viewings.
He has an appealing hangdog look that makes women want to hug him.
But all the actors are equally brilliant.
Ignore any pans you read about this movie and see it.
Another example of the unique talents of Cary Grant.
So I rented it.
And that is not bad at all.
He sets off in search of the other members of the band.
Somewhat reluctantly the band agree to give the reunion a try.
But he wants them to start touring again first.
And so they hit the club circuit around Europe.
It is on tour that the film really starts to develop.
And they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made playing together so enjoyable.
Guess I will have to rent that next.
She loves the song so much now.
A triple whammy there.
The soundtrack is excellent.
All Grant can do is moan.
A classic movie that is really a treasure.
Far much better than Spinal Tap for instance.
They want to catch up with their crazy youth they miss so much.
Like anyone of us.
It was just another movie I watched partly on TV.
Then on several film posters and the film script.
A story about men getting along with each other.
It contains some of the best actors possible.
I'm addicted to this film.
I'm addicted to Strange Fruit.
This movie is tremendous for uplifting the Spirits.
The soundtrack is unbelievable.
Each member of Fruit are quite memorable.
The lifestyle depicted was remarkable in itself.
This was the first time I saw real people using cordless phones.
at the time anyway.
BTW I am a married man.
One of the Hong Kong Films of the year.
Strongly recommended to all Asian films lovers.
The ending is surprising but thoroughly consistent and believable.
Election does have some faults with the majority coming in the opening third.
Where Election really soars is its attention to that fine detail.
Simon Yam was my favorite character here and sort of anchors the picture.
Both films are gangster epics that are similar in form.
And while Election is an enjoyable piece of cinema.
it is just not nearly as good as it is sequel.
This has disastrous results and heads the triads into an all out war.
Much of the film is devoted to the recovery of the Baton.
Fans of the gangster genre are likely to appreciate it in that aspect.
This is dark and grim.
The pacing is relatively slow and deliberate.
People just randomly do things regardless of how their personalities were set up prior.
The performances are reasonably amusing and colorful.
Big D will change his tune or.
Another good watch would be Dragon Squad.
Election marks the 2nd trial society theme movie directed by Johnnie To.
Election has hardly failed any critics who wants an different trial society theme movie.
This film really deserves more recognition than its getting.
And a scream or two.
I was really excited about seeing this film.
I thought finally Australia had made a good film.
but I was wrong.
This was the most pathetic attempt at a slasher film ever.
I was expecting a big surprise about who the killer was.
which turned this realistic slasher film into an awful horror movie.
It was the first time I have seen a theatrically release Australian slasher flick.
I thought that the movie was pretty good.
mostly everything in UL final cut needed to be improved.
The best part of CUT is the killer and the death scenes.
i give cut a 8 out of 10.
There is so much to love in this darling little comedy.
It falls somewhere in the middle.
None of these comments are relevant.
Probably a bit of both.
This is not a bad movie.
So this might be an example of what the genre has become.
I liked it I gave it an eight.
The Direction is good.
Jessica Napier is cute and does fine as the other heroine.
Rest of the cast are fine.
however there are some good positives in this film.
there are a few concerns about this movie.
i enjoyed it and had some fun.
Suspenseful Australian slasher flick with very few scares.
Really bad slasher flicks.
But that is par for the course.
The director tells off the killer in front of the cast and crew.
He goes crazy and kills two people.
People who try and finish it are killed themselves.
The students ignore that.
No one is great but no one is terrible either.
No great shakes but not bad at all.
I give it a 7.
This is one of those little Christmas movies for everyone.
There really IS something for everyone.
You will have to see the movie if you want to know why.
00 from the total.
This movie is better than 4.
I can see this happening.
wealthy people have done crazier things than this.
And it was funny.
This movie fully suits that purpose.
You can survive Surviving Christmas.
I thought the television version was a bit edited way down.
This movie is definitely a fresh new idea that was pulled off pretty well.
It was a fun and funny movie.
It was a wonderful movie that I will be adding to my Christmas selection.
I rate it right up there with Christmas vacation.
This movie turned out to be one laugh after another.
He then drives the family crazy with overindulgence for Christmas cheer.
Sure you can see where this movie is going but you do not care.
I got what I wanted.
I laughed so hard during this movie my face hurt.
Cary Grant and Myrna Lloyd are delightful in this film.
I can not imagine anyone not enjoying this movie completely.
a true feast for the eyes.
It was number 10 on The 100 Greatest TV Treats 2004.
This is probably the best documentary I have seen in a very long time.
Listening to his smart ass remarks and seeing his adorable gestures was heartwarming.
And seeing him smile was indescribable.
I feel blessed to have been able to be touched by this tiny giant.
i was greatly moved when i watched the movie.
i have seen people in tears because of a blemish.
this movie brings everything back to the basics .
it makes our everyday problems seen for what they are Small and really unimportant.
you are truly blessed.
and the saying stop and smell the roses truly has a new meaning.
This man is nothing short of amazing.
The most moving and truly eye opening documentary ever created.
I truly felt for him.
I believe that this should be compulsory viewing in schools.
He was on a crusade to raise money for his cause.
I highly recommend this.
You watch as John lives through the last couple months of his life.
You watch as he goes through his days with a positive attitude.
At one point you begin to see that he is truly an amazing individual.
You begin to understand that he has something to teach all of us.
He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world.
The wind blows your eyes far away.
But the film still ends on an optimistic note.
The problem was there literally were not enough houses to satisfy the demand.
Bradford in order to solve this very strange murder mystery.
Jean Arthur is quite glamorous in her role and very funny.
Jean Arthur SHINES when she looks at Powell.
There is an unmistakable undercurrent buzzing between them.
My friends thought the same.
They succeeded to some degree.
So by this time he was pretty well set in the role.
This is after he comes to Bill Powell for help.
Myrna Loy was a more steadying influence on Bill Powell than Jean Arthur was.
Arthur plays it as more of a dizzy dame than Loy did.
But it works here and she and Powell have good chemistry.
Good but not great.
In a way I feel it could have been that bit better.
The Five Deadly Venoms is easily the most memorable K.
This movie launched the careers of the five men who play the venoms.
He would go on to be in Super Ninjas.
I loved this film.
The comedy is well played by all involved.
Talent ran in that family.
I recall seeing this movie as a kid.
I do not recall where I saw it.
I must have been around 14 years old.
I thought the movie was incredible and wished to see it again.
I was really bummed.
The fights were very short and few and far between.
The fighting is all pretty routine.
I remember lots of them.
I remember the day clearly.
Me and my dad had just gotten lunch at Burger King.
Then under that was the Title of the film.
It said Five Deadly Venoms.
Then the movie began.
I loved this movie the minute it came on.
My favorite character was the Toad Venom.
it was the fighting.
The fights were so.
This movie is really good.
Fighting scenes are very good.
The only thing which may be irritating is actors look.
I really like this movie.
I can watch it on a regular basis and not tire of it.
I suppose that is one of my criteria for a great movie.
The story is very interesting.
We also get to see the venoms fight each other in every combination.
It is fun to see how their styles match up against each other.
See this one at all costs.
This film is breath of fresh air in comparison.
Around 7 out of 10.
Then again he might not have.
Lead players Cary Grant and Myrna Loy plays Mr.
Thus a simple plot becomes almost a suspense thriller.
But what really solidifies the movie are the venoms themselves.
Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks.
Its more about the intrigue of the story and the characters that are involved.
Very well made with a unique story.
Be careful with this one.
We learn along with him.
I can not say enough about the choreography or the camera work.
But this one does several things well.
Much more clever stuff than what we usually get out of this genre.
Still though this movie is one of Shaw Brothers best and is quite enjoyable.
8 out of 10 on the scale.
Such level of skill amongst the cast is unsurpassed in modern day cinema.
However the plot certainly is better than average.
I always enjoy this movie when it shows up on TV.
This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective.
We actually care when people are killed in this film.
Some of the sequences in this movie are truly gut wrenching.
When characters go in search of vengeance you really feel their anger and pain.
all this just adds to the greatness of the film.
The lighting and composition are spectacular at times.
He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people.
The thought of Sarah Silverman having her own show worried me at first.
The one downfall of this show is its supporting cast.
A VERY good chance from the usual comedy out there.
The Sarah Silverman program is .
better than those other shows.
The Sarah Silverman program.
Go watch and see.
Best show since Seinfeld.
One of the few shows I make point of watching.
It gets flat very fast.
Give it a shot.
It has that same flow and that same rhythm.
Melvin Douglas is especially brilliant.
The best kind of comedy around.
Nothing that appears on T.
show for there to be mistakes.
This show is stupid because Sarah wanted it to be stupid.
This show is juvenile because Sarah wanted it to be juvenile.
The cast is awesome.
I'm sure they are wonderful bright people that operate at a different wavelength.
Therefore I always fast before watching it and wear adult diapers.
I'm a happy guy.
This is like Grease meets South Park.
Sarah Silverman is someone I could watch reading the phone book.
Her delivery is precise and oh so funny.
She never skips a beat.
It seemed to be a genuine question.
Sarah can come at you from odd angles.
God being petty and jealous added wonderfully to the joke.
What I also love is that not everything is a punchline.
Instead the Sarah Silverman Program makes it more realistic in this sense.
This show probably will not appeal to everyone.
Everyone should at least give this show a chance.
This kind of stuff is the future of entertainment.
I watch this show and I laugh a very large percentage of the time.
I can not say that about many TV shows.
You owe it to yourself to watch this show.
I predict a long run for this series.
perhaps they lack the intelligence to comprehend it.
they should stop making fools of themselves by attacking something they do not understand.
is way off the mark.
If you are thinking of building see this movie first.
The dollar amounts may have changed but everything else is the same.
This film was done after that rescue.
One of the best love stories I have ever seen.
Then I got to looking at their body of work.
Grey Gardens sounded very interesting.
She seems to have a nervous disorder of some kind.
Worrying too much about things.
It is a 28 room mansion that is worn down and worn out.
The outfits Edie comes up with a very clever and creative.
Edie too was a beauty in her day and quite attractive at 56.
This movie is hard to come by.
This as well makes it clear that it is not exploitation.
And both Edith and Edie just love the idea of being filmed.
Exhibit all their artistic skills in front of their camera.
Little Edie and Big Edie are characters that anyone can feel compassion for.
Grey Gardens is a world unto itself.
I was awed at how beautiful and raw this documentary was.
It is a sincere look into the unedited reality of a life of solitude.
really no words can describe.
The move Grey Gardens is beyond bizarre.
Both of them remain beautiful despite their encroaching age.
I first saw this film in 1980 in the midday movie spot.
It becomes quite clear very quickly that these two are well past eccentric.
The content is pretty much made up of two things.
The second part consists of long bouts of attempted singing by both parties.
Their hopes and dreams as decayed as the mansion they live in.
Despite their bickering these two need each other more than ever.
For without the other there would be no refuge from the loneliness.
Her response to a complaint about the smell is simply unbelievable.
bickered and performed while reminiscing of their past.
This is a film you will not soon forget.
I fell in love with this film and with the characters in it.
It has an air of sadness that permeates throughout.
A fall from greatness for this once esteemed family.
Excellent film showing the pathetic lives of two nutty old ladies.
I got to get to a hotel room.
he just gave us a washing machine.
raccoons and cats become a little bit boring for too long a time.
yes the pleasure is all mine.
bring me my little radio I have got to have some professional music.
It is she who will have the last laugh maybe.
Well worth your time.
This movie has more to recommend it than I can put down into words.
It is a rare experience that you must see for yourself.
And of course there are numerous cats running around.
As for the house itself.
It stars two spellbinding characters in what is unfortunately a mediocre documentary.
What a strange film.
have chosen to document.
Little Edie is even more interesting.
One of the better documentaries ever made and still a cult classic today.
The once beautiful gardens are now a jungle.
Clothing is seems to be optional.
There is a constant undercurrent of sexual tension.
Ice cream spread on crackers.
Edie feels like Edith thwarted any of her attempts at happiness.
Sometimes it is difficult to hear exactly what is being said.
Both women talk at the same time and constantly contradict each other.
This is a difficult film to watch but well worth the effort.
Renting Cypher was like a punt on a possibly very lame horse.
It must have been very quiet or I just missed it.
In any case the affects are secondary.
I will not give anything away about the plot.
Just give it a chance.
The character development is intentionally shallow.
Just a genius perfect combination for such a movie.
The viewer has to WATCH him and Think as this story unfolds.
Just go somewhere and secretly record and transmit inside data.
Take it from there.
Then it begins to accelerate.
I do not recommend that to anyone.
I'm not gonna say what cause that will spoil the hole movie.
I wish would it would never end.
Anyone could have played it.
Kaufman and Moss Hart.
The former was about moving into an 18th Century country house that.
The escalating costs of the project are one matter that bedevils Jim.
To categorize this film into a single genre would be criminal.
This is pure psychology.
Cypher is such a film.
They send him to different parts of America to record different seminars.
Covering topics as mundane as shaving cream and cheese.
And I'm not saying anything more about the plot.
And Cypher follows similar patterns.
But it is not a carbon copy of Cube.
It has it is own inspiration.
One thing that distinguishes Cypher from Cube is how much more polished it is.
The acting is uniformly excellent throughout.
His performance is excellent because it is so modulated.
He literally seems to transform right before our very eyes.
David Hewlett puts in a welcome appearance who made such an impact in Cube.
But Morgan deserves his happy ending.
Cypher succeeds on all counts.
And it comes as a refreshing antidote to the overwhelming and inexplicable Matrix.
And now I'm a committed fan of the man.
Cypher is an absolute masterpiece.
I can not overemphasis how phenomenal this movie is.
Cypher is one of the best spy movies ever conceived and ever made.
There is nothing wrong with or cheap about Cypher whatsoever.
This is not a spoiler.
Cypher is counterespionage at it is absolute best.
Hands down and hats off.
Nothing is what it seems and truth is stranger than fiction.
The future is now.
My vote is eight.
The conferences are all covers to allow the company men to brainwash their spies.
The cast are great.
The rest of the cast are also good.
He paces the film superbly as well and has given it a great look.
The efforts of the director and the actors combined in an effective thriller.
Grant has always been a favorite of mine in this type of role.
He is so good at playing the put upon husband.
Loy is a always a joy to watch.
The Thin Man films she made with William Powell are near perfect.
And that is where the comedy comes in.
But to say Cypher is a clone would be to its discredit.
This is not helped by a strange woman who turns up.
I guess given the time of production it was a mix of all three.
Admittedly the dramatic plot was somewhat predictable.
We were able to witness what appeared to be realistic training regimens and equipment.
Where this movie came together for me was closer to the end.
Stallone is Gabe Walker.
Cat and Mouse on the mountains with ruthless terrorists.
Stallone needed this role to get back on track.
The is placed in beautiful place and it is very exciting movie.
Another weak point was the unrealistic shooting scenes.
This movie had a lot of all time great potential.
Sill a good movie though.
I know I did.
The only caveat is that social attitudes have changed a lot since 1948.
Eight months has passed.
This was one of the biggest hits of 1993.
Stallone certainly made an short comeback of this sharp thriller.
Do not miss this great action film.
Based on a premise by John Long.
This movie is just great.
In my opinion this movie is highly underrated by the critics.
For the sake of the film though I willing to suspend my disbelief.
The deaths are inventive while others are sort of predictable.
This is the rhythm of the film in a nutshell.
You would better be.
The old guy who flies the chopper.
I have no idea what drugs he was on when he did it.
Since I first saw this in the theater it has been my favorite.
There has not been a movie I can compare this too.
This is an action movie at it is BEST.
I do not think I will see another that is so entertaining.
And it is particularly good in this movie.
The special effect are great and spectacular.
Stallone really needed that movie get back with success.
This movie was filmed in a magnificent natural environment.
I give it a 6.
My vote is eight.
As a Stallone fan this is one I look back on with fond memories.
Plenty of superb action and Sly in prime action man form.
have lost a whole lot of money they stole from the U.
government somewhere in the Rocky Mountains and they really would like it back.
A showcase of great scenes and stunts.
Quite possibly one of the coolest lead villains ever.
So that is two points for him before the film even starts.
the desire and need to bring fantasies to reality.
The diary contains magic formulas that supposedly enable prisoners to escape.
9 out of 10.
This is a movie that works best if you are immersed into it.
I was hooked from beginning to end.
The horror you create in your own mind.
but not in the way they imagined.
Now this is what I would call a good horror.
This is a timeless movie for all ages that is sure to please.
Achieving true comedic dialog is an art.
Watched this French horror film last night and pretty much liked it.
I'm glad I had a chance to watch this film.
The gore is a product of what the book unleashes.
My vote is seven.
The kills are raw and eerie.
I just wish the story had led to a more consistent finale.
We are inside a ramshackle French prison cell with four occupants.
It is an unholy alloy of triumphs and failures.
The characters are intriguing.
It has a real life ring to it.
That really is the problem with an obsession with understanding and knowledge.
Lensed well in 1.
The characters are superbly developed and the cast makes the most of them.
I think that was the Golden Age of English series.
They all shared equal screen time and all had their moments to shine.
the bluest eyes you would probably see on TV.
I have also followed Bill Gaunts career with interest since.
We absolutely adored it.
Hopefully it will find a new generation of fans.
Who I thought was beautiful and intelligent.
I was 10 years old when this show was on TV.
By far it was my favorite.
The actors were very credible.
There was a good story in each episode.
I highly recommend this TV show to anybody that like good stuff.
the thought that maybe they will not get together.
the dancing on the side of the road scene was magnificent.
except for maybe the fact that she is psycho.
Manhattan apartment dwellers have to put up with all kinds of inconveniences.
This is only the beginning of his problems.
The film is fun because of the three principals in it.
The direction of H.
This movie is wonderful.
Very witty and clever script.
The scenes are alive with fresh energy and really talented production.
It was nice to see Ally again.
She is one of my all time favorite movie actors.
I laughed and cried as the story unfolded.
Great story and cast.
Alice Drummond is Wise And Wonderful as Stella.
The roadside dance scene is brilliant.
Really liked this one.
This movie only confirms what was clear from that movie.
This comedy with much underlying pain and sadness succeeds where most others fail.
So was the case with most of the reviewers.
THOSE WHO THINK AND WRITE.
THOSE WRITE AND MAKE THE READERS THINK.
We share an addiction.
We are approval junkies.
I was very surprised to see the overall rating as 5.
This film is special.
I'm giving ten out of ten it is one of the best movies ever.
it is all very simple.
I have never known of a film to arouse such debate in my life.
I absolutely loved this film and i can not wait to see it again.
I saw the gala the other night and this movie definitely split the audience.
However there were many good things too.
well you have to see it.
I watched to movie today and it just blew my mind away.
Another thing I really liked about this film is how damn beautiful it is.
If you see it you will know what I mean.
watch it with an open mind and you may enjoy it.
And that is my 2 cents.
They do not expect him to explore new frontiers.
So this movie toys with your head.
This movie is different than Snatch.
but that is the shoddiest reason to disregard a piece of art.
Funny people can be thoughtful too.
I am still searching for some copy of the gorgeous soundtrack.
The excellent soundtrack compliments the film well.
I have been looking for this movie for so many years.
I saw this move when I was nine and loved this movie.
I called Disney all the movie stores and the net.
What a waste it was a very good movie.
The beginning was great and I remember becoming very attached to the little foxes.
This movie made me cry for hours.
It was a good movie.
She unknowingly walks into a foot trap.
He alone has to teach them the skills they need for life.
I felt emotionally gutted after seeing all this evil going on.
I was moved to tears.
Or they fall victims to tragedy themselves.
Best all around soundtrack and musical score I have ever heard.
And then there is the aftermath of what happened.
Guess you can make up your own mind about the true ending.
I'm left feeling that only one character should have survived at the end.
This film made John Glover a star.
And I mean that sport.
Maybe it is me.
A very strong and satisfying little number that is well worth checking out.
Three blackmailers leech onto him.
It also felt like a movie that took some cuts.
The actors involved give some of their finest performances.
Anyone who likes action combined with a gritty complicated story will enjoy this.
This slick and gritty film consistently delivers.
To call this film sleazy would be a huge understatement.
I do not know why I love this movie so much.
Just thinking about his voice is enough to make me chuckle.
Plenty of cameos by real life porno stars.
9 of 10 stars.
he died by getting shot in the eye.
This was the best and well orchestrated scene ever in the Sopranos.
But his legacy will live on forever.
Chase has created a true phenomenon with The Sopranos.
There is real skill here.
I simply love the beauty of the picture.
This is my favorite show.
I think it is utterly brilliant.
Thanks to David Chase for bringing this into my life.
the cast was excellent.
Long live the Sopranos and Tony Soprano.
Let me tell u something.
I started watching many T.
Then we have The Sopranos.
The raw emotion he displays is superb.
The story is nothing short of excellent.
Each episode is directed superbly and the Score of this show is just fantastic.
V show current or future will ever upstage the marvel that is The Sopranos.
But everyone is excellent.
And that is just the tip of the iceberg.
on a show and you are already winning points on in my book.
Every character represents a facet of American industry.
I'm sure that people from France would not appreciate the caricatures of the French.
My sides and my jaws were hurting at the end of the movie.
Not everything is perfect however.
It shows that literally anyone can suffer from mental health problems.
A sort of chameleon quality to transcend roles.
She is wise if not wiser and more street savvy then Tony himself.
This in my opinion is the worst thing about the HBO series.
Too much space in between seasons and very sporadic.
This episode deals with my most favorite character of all time in The Sopranos.
He was killed for hijacking the wrong truck and accidentally killing a truck driver.
He was killed on a boat by Tony.
All the awesome characters are dead.
All the cool guys always get killed.
Each season is completely brilliant in its own way.
And it is not just him.
The first two seasons were extraordinary.
Trust me in that it will be well worth the time.
Each character unfolds more and more each series.
Every little detail builds the perfect TV series.
It is the single most genius text in cinematic history.
It can only be taken in portions.
its sort of exploitive.
by now I'm just trying to take up the ten line minimum.
My comment ended a while ago.
Hopefully it works when I submit it now.
The best TV ever.
A tip of the pork pie to Mr.
These guys were definitely the best of their generations and even more.
We have been totally spoiled now.
The argument of both are splendid and the actors are perfect.
Congratulations for such a work.
Sorry about my English.
It has so much more.
Many of the issues we see on the show are very real.
Watching this show you will find yourself realizing that these characters are NOT real.
This show is also very versatile.
Overall this is a masterpiece of a show.
This is what television should be.
The Sopranos is arguably the greatest show in Dramatic Television history.
The series never becomes cold hearted or gratuitous.
I want to make some comments about the movie itself.
First I would like to say how great this.
It is astounding and sometimes shocking.
It is like a trip through humanity.
Its stark realism shows through this monumental masterpiece.
From MIDNIGHT COWBOY we get a stark and sometimes disturbing urban view on life.
You do not have to steal it.
Nor is the script anywhere close to a Woody Allen or Mel Brooks.
The script is heavily but not obnoxiously aware that this is just a movie.
I think it was a brilliant decision by Hoffman to take this role.
Otherwise he may have been typecast after the Graduate.
Joe is shook up by a haunting childhood.
He has a strong fear and hatred of religion due to his traumatic baptism.
They go out and work together in helping each other out.
The two grow remarkably close and soon can not live without each other.
This is one of the greatest films ever made.
The difference is that this film is from their perspective.
and am not the least bit ashamed.
They smell no less sweet because they are of a different hue.
He gave them superbly.
Wayne got his Oscar.
if you can get in.
and are admired for it.
I get heartbroken for both.
Its both artistically valid yet entirely accessible and commercial.
No wonder it was a huge success when initially released.
The direction by John Schlesinger makes the material work.
It combines a simplistic style with some experimental editing.
Its still as powerful now as it was when initially released.
The acting however is what makes this a masterpiece.
The two eventually forge a bond that is both touching and pathetic.
He is so into character that all else around him pales in comparison.
Midnight Cowboy is not for everybody.
He does not apologize for his chosen profession but it is not that easy.
The film became famous and infamous almost overnight.
Very compelling and sensationally creative film that I highly recommend.
Saw this as a young naive punk when it was first released.
Thankfully this time I was at home.
This is one hell of a great movie.
His subconscious mirrors the way in which his real life is panning out.
They begin sharing everything in life.
It does not work out as he planned.
They live in an empty and very filthy apartment.
The editing in this movie is great.
Especially Hoffman delivers some fine famous lines.
The score is done by John Barry and sounds great.
At the time I recall being quite startled and amused by this movie.
Bernhard has an unusually perceptive behavioral notebook.
Nina Simone comes to mind.
The movie is quite long at two hours but never really seems very long.
I was pleasantly surprised.
What makes the film interesting is the two characters are so different.
I personally think the film beautifully and poignantly explores its main themes.
The religious connotations in the film are also puzzling.
Midnight cowboy should be required viewing at all film schools.
I recommend this film to everyone.
I'm giving it a 10.
But this one I can live with.
There are usually some pretty funny comics selected through.
when other comics clearly should have beaten them out.
This is where imagination wins out over fact.
Cordell is a recent widow and it is unclear how his wife died.
Her face is bloodied and her eyes are closed.
There are a few scenes that hint of incestuous possibilities.
He never really looks like he can be trusted in this film.
The Incubus is a well done film.
And bitter pills are always more difficult to swallow than sweet ones.
It also carries a kind of Gothic vibe as well.
Nice filming locations and some stylish camera work also highlight.
This is a wonderful film.
Perhaps a revival is just down the pipeline.
This is truly the greatest Swedish movie of all time.
It all creates a very vivid picture of a life that is long gone.
Exploding cigars provide a running gag.
A minor but admirable little film.
The very first shot might be startling.
It certainly adds to the gritty flavor of the atmosphere.
And he has a soft spot for ornery orphan Cooper.
this is not Steven kings best work.
i thought that his best work was the shining.
as if that person can do a better job in making a horror flick.
i mean making the gage evil and how he kills Jud is genius.
making the most innocent most unsuspecting character into one of the killers is cool.
i still recommend people to watch the movie.
The movie does skip far ahead and does miss some important parts.
First of all the plot is truly original and one of a kind.
The acting is also great and i love the cast.
Probably the most accurate Stephen King adaption yet.
The story follows the Creed family moving into a beautiful Maine house.
Maybe he was buried alive.
Nothing more I can say without ruining the story.
The characters are real and the situations are normal.
Mary Lambert does a great job directing the proceedings.
The scene where Gage is killed will stick in your mind forever.
Non Horror fans will want to avoid this.
This really captures the heart of the book.
Fred Gwynne is WONDERFUL.
THE ATMOSPHERE OF THIS FILM IS CERTAINLY A NOVELTY AND ONE OF A KIND.
this one is way beyond compare in intelligence compared to that stuff.
The acting is actually first rate for a film like this.
And the results are horrifying.
Highly recommended for genre fans.
5 out of 10.
A classic now and truly a must see for any Horror fan.
You will not regret.
But that is just my opinion.
Baby Gage was amazing even on his creepy parts.
Something is for sure.
Bernhard is a little of these influential entertainers and more.
Since Louis is a veterinarian and has a young toddler for a son.
And that third act.
One of the better Stephen King adaptations I would say.
And that is where the real horror story begins.
I personally find this movie very good.
and what is better than the dead coming to life.
and something about animals returning from the grave is quite creepy too.
and most important to me .
it stuck true with the novel.
They are greeted with kindness by Jud Crandall.
That is the start of hell for the Creed family.
The music in this movie plays an extravagant part.
It is at the same time sad and mysterious.
It goes along with the movie wonderfully.
But there is a pet cemetery behind their house.
That burial ground is pure evil.
There is one character in this film that is truly freaky.
This is truly one of most favorite horror films of all time.
10 out of 10.
I kind of liked The Lonely Lady.
Give Pia a break.
She looks great and she has really nice eyes.
But its a trashy movie.
A lot of movies that are trashy are not all bad.
Pia gets naked a lot and seems miscast as a writer.
A couple of the scenes are funny.
I want to see someone do that speech in a drama class.
You could find worse on any movie of the week back in the eighties.
This is an excellent film that will not disappoint you.
Hitchcock displays his already developed understanding for visuals in this early silent film.
Nearly every shot is filled with visual symbols.
The film also gives insight into his later treatment of women.
upscale supper clubs like the Parisian Room.
The scene in the club throughout the movie is dryer than a bone.
It may not be meant to be funny across the board.
Perhaps it is a bit unsettling or even maudlin for some.
A beautiful painting about love and death.
This is one of my favorite movies of all time.
This is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest.
Surprisingly good early effort from Alfred Hitchcock.
The Ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known The Lodger.
One sequence remains in my memory to this day.
and for a few seconds there it is.
has gone and it is time for the spacecraft to return to Earth.
This documentary was nominated for an Oscar and it is easy to see why.
Good use of live footage and animation in tandem.
I remember these shows when they were first broadcast on Disneyland.
That was fifty years ago.
Turn around and you are a young wife with babes of your own.
you are wondering how much has really changed in 50 years.
A recommended film which was the first for Jim Henson Productions.
She was the wife of a wealthy doctor and had lots of extracurricular money.
Trudy also raised two chimps in her home to be more like children.
They dressed in clothes and had many amenities.
Rene Russo plays her role wonderfully feminine.
And that is what happens.
A speed boat is no match to our busy beaver on the river.
We also know when he is going to be wounded.
It is the forbidden or the restricted that is attractive.
My heart goes out to them.
The story is extremely unique.
The ending COULD have been fantastic.
The animation is decent for 89 but can not compare to nowadays.
I have also heard many complain about the cheesiness of the nudity.
I actually found it to be somewhat decent.
Overall it deserves a look but the ending keeps it from being a classic.
There are no loops and sequences in which the art decreases in quality.
The last episode was entirely done in black and white.
The music is very typical space opera fair.
Neither aspect is ever left completely out though.
But it is done exceptionally well for a change.
It will grow on you.
There are a few surprises.
And the music is OUT OF THIS WORLD.
playing bar room characters in both.
He shows finely nuanced performances .
the good and the bad in his characters.
making love to an actress you kinda grew up with.
What a surprisingly good movie this one turned out to be.
This is the type of film that I have been looking for ages.
Star Trek Hidden Frontier will surprise you in many ways.
We can get by that.
Better than almost anything you have seen.
It takes a lot of effort to put on a production of this magnitude.
I highly recommend taking the time to down load and watch.
This is short and to the point.
I will not rehash what has already been said about the sets and graphics.
Congratulations to the cast and crew for an effort that many admire.
BUT BUT the idea of two guys kissing makes me wind forward the episode.
For a fan series this is good stuff.
The local sheriff is behind the crime and the nightmare begins.
Especially the second murder is pretty grim.
7 out of 10.
The ships are rendered well and the space battles are impressive and exciting.
Musically it is a mixed bag.
The episodes are character driven and the characters develop over many episodes.
Hidden Frontier takes taboos that even the official series has shrunk from using.
All in all I enjoyed watching it.
God Bless you all.
This film predates these shows though the effect seems the same.
You potential stars of tomorrow.
There was not quite enough action for me I must say.
The film portrayed the life of a traitor.
He has no real love or loyalty in him.
Heavy psychological stuff and not many light moments in the 6 hour series.
Very well done though.
It had a gritty authenticity and rang true in every way.
The rest of the supporting is excellent as well.
The production values of the miniseries are strong as well.
Yet the highlight of the miniseries is really the script.
This is my second time through for A Perfect Spy.
I watched it 2 or 3 years ago and liked it.
I like it still.
Throughout the story he betrays and is betrayed.
Another theme is that of malignancy.
I really enjoyed it in the end.
Peter Egan is fascinating to watch because his face changes with every camera angle.
But this is a minor and unimportant seam in the whole.
Jane Booker is annoying as Mary Pym.
The British view of Americans is vividly rendered in some dryly hilarious scenes.
The humor and sadness are subtly blended.
It is an accurate reflection of the period in which it is set.
Betrayal is the key by everybody for the good of nobody.
Pym upbringing is so close to my own that I find it chilling watching.
Because there is a good story around the naked rituals and sex scenes.
She exuded massive quantities of sexuality throughout the film.
One wishes they made more movies like this one.
Strongly recommended for fans of international cinema.
And there are some very interesting candles and uses for them.
This masterpiece of lesbian horror comes from exploitation master Joseph W.
but they may not be as helpless as they seem.
this was one of the funniest and informative shows that I have ever seen.
This is a MUST see for anyone over the age of 16.
this show had me and my 2 boys laughing out loud from the beginning.
I agree with the idea of making this a HBO series.
It would have an amazing following.
But after seeing it I realized what a funny man he is.
but some other parts of the world.
I enjoyed how Mr.
But it quickly sucked me in.
I would love to see this picked up as a series for HBO.
He covers fallacies of history and truths that are no longer generally known.
I would like to see much more of this show.
It is very entertaining.
It is well worth your time.
only we soon discover both men have hidden intentions.
My interest was raised as I was flipping through and saw the name Iphigenia.
I am so glad I stayed on the channel.
She is visually stunning.
This is a great film.
There is the uncomfortable racism which is depicted.
But it is everything you could want in a movie.
Now I have seen it.
The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are great.
She insists Tarzan to carry a bracelet who belonged to her father.
Well it is supposed to proof Tarzan is dead.
The caravan is leaving and Jane go along.
She could be smart.
If she get home to England without have done this she would become miserable.
Jane is smart but cheap drama brings her down.
Just lean back and enjoy.
John Dillinger escapes from prison and robs a bank in Iowa.
I got a huge kick out of this movie.
The chemistry between Johnny and Maureen is irresistible.
See it for yourself if you do not believe me.
I love Maureen O'Sullivan most of all in this film.
She totally has the ape man at her every beck and call.
Eventually Tarzan and Jane show up and everyone is off on even more adventures.
Its an amazing film by almost any standard.
Its an amazing thing.
I really like this film a great deal.
However on almost every other level this film is top notch.
You really owe it to yourself to see this.
This is one of the great adventures.
There is NO mistake about that at all.
I thought the script was really well thought out and written tightly.
One final word about nudity.
that is the way colored people were thought of and portrayed back then.
Safaris actually did use natives carrying luggage on their heads.
I'm not making this up.
She and Tarzan are shown waking up one morning in their treetop shelter.
Savage Tarzan is innocently sexy.
Another reason why the hung up regarded this film as sinful.
They want Tarzan to guide them to said graveyard.
It is Jane who maintains her cool.
So there you have it.
An utterly subversive film.
Tarzan and Jane are living happily in the jungle.
Some men come looking for ivory and to take Jane back to civilization.
But Jane loves Tarzan and refuses to leave.
even if that means killing Tarzan.
This one has MUCH better effects and is a lot more adult.
Everybody else is OK.
The first of the Tarzan movies staring Johnny Weissmuller.
The plot has already been summarized so i wont go into it again.
you are missing a Real treat.
no one will ever play Tarzan as well as Johnny Weissmuller did.
He was and is Tarzan.
He climbs a hill to tell Iphigenia that he will protect her.
It is a sharp and sad epiphany that lasts only for an instant.
Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry round out a small cast very professionally.
The crisp display of later Tarzan films is lacking here.
Later she admits to Tarzan that she was wrong.
This to me is very much at the core of the Tarzan experience.
I would recommend this movie strongly to anyone.
The movie can never decide whether we should like him or hate him.
Tarzan kills lions and rhinos and a steadily increasing number of animals.
They still do not need to talk a lot.
They sleep together and hang out with cool animals and stay away from cities.
No wonder they are happy.
The skin show in this film is off the charts.
As noted by other reviewers this is one of the best Tarzan movies.
The only things missing are color and stereo sound.
Her outfit showed what a great figure Maureen O'Sullivan possessed.
There is plenty of action in here.
Maureen O'Sullivan is charming and beautiful as Jane and walks off with the movie.
But a savage tribe and hideous torture await the group.
com if you know where I can buy a copy.
We watched it last night for the first time.
I was also impressed at how true it was to the play.
The catalog is around here someplace.
This movie gets it right.
The tedium of the application process.
The waiting for word.
The joy of acceptance.
The worry about making it through the course.
The glory of graduation.
Many are called but few are chosen.
We did for pay what we would have eagerly paid to do.
I had a personal interest in this movie.
for one or two weeks.
The three central characters in this movie are really pretty ugly people.
This is the longest version of the story and goes deeply into characterization.
Its also a lot more sexual than the Lana Turner version.
We have a very obvious adulterous relationship and Giovanna is very obviously a nymphomaniac.
This is a far greater study of the working class than of crime.
The audience really gets the feeling of poverty and grime.
I think the casting was brilliant for this film.
My only beef is with the overlong running time.
The harshness of the landscape is particularly fitting to the souls of the characters.
Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classic Greek plays.
It teaches us much about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures.
Another conflict raised in the film is that between the Church and the State.
It relies more upon depicting reality in a very grim and sober light.
To say the least it was probably a bit alarming.
I think this is a very satisfying ending for several reasons.
The movie could had easily ended 15 minutes earlier.
it occurs that it is not.
They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical shots.
His desires show him totally different direction.
They are both very convincing.
But in contrast to Giovanna he questions the committed crime on a moral level.
But then the last sequences make this carefully built construct of ideas collapse.
they keep coming up with films Ive never heard of .
the Italian version of The Postman Always Rings Twice.
This Italian version is different .
more realistic and with a very different ending.
see it watch it.
street scenes and lifestyle glimpses alone are worth watching.
This masterpiece ends in a tragic way.
My vote is ten.
Giovanna is one of the best creations in Ms.
The last sequence of the film shows Ms.
Finally Gino has steady employment.
The acting and direction were both uniformly good throughout.
The two novellas seem like they must be very similar.
Gino is very unenthusiastic about this idea.
Their relationship quickly crumbles.
This is a really fun movie.
But this is where the resemblance stops.
Seriously pushed forward the theme of the last episode even more.
I have to agree with everyone else that has posted.
He does have a cool character.
The guy who finds it necessary to howl.
The hour long chase at the end involving the teacher and the priest.
This movie is great.
Great characters and great lines.
Sally Field is so over the top.
this is what I love about good comedies.
I would love to know how the idea for this movie came up.
He passes by without a word.
And then only too little and too late.
The film chronicles his efforts at finding out more about the woman.
He pieces more and more of her life together.
He has to make things right.
I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.
I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.
I'm tired of the same old stuff in movies.
I highly recommend catching this film.
This is NOT a horror flick.
I really felt for Jake.
Here the film is very successful in getting its theme across.
It was on right after Bay City Rollers.
This show is decidedly low tech.
But kids love this stuff.
This is drama and comedy spread on with a trowel.
This is why I still have nightmares.
A boy leaves on a magical journey to an island.
Not suitable for children.
I grew up with H.
This movie is not limited to children either.
The music in this movie suited Jack Wild and Mama Cass beautifully.
growing up still love it today i am 46 years old.
I absolutely LOVED this movie when I was a kid.
I cried every time I watched it.
I totally identified with the characters.
I loved Jack Wilde.
I can still remember the characters vividly.
The film and its actors won several awards.
I highly recommend it.
Otherwise it would be a perfect 10.
I would recommend not drinking anything that would sting coming out your nose.
This movie was excellent.
This is a graphic movie.
So it is Donald Sutherland who walks away with the picture.
Those who speak Hungarian will recognize the many Hungarian accents and credits.
So do some soldiers.
Nor do killers learn regret if they are dead.
I was surprised at how fascinating this movie was.
This is an excellent movie.
Very satisfying and not exploitative about the crimes at all.
He is driven to find and stop the killer.
The locations and sets are perfect recreations of latter day Soviet life.
This is truly a movie that covers several themes simultaneously.
This a film not to be missed.
The photography was good too.
His anguish at not being able to stop the deaths is palpable.
I believe this is the most powerful film HBO Pictures has made to date.
A masterpiece of the genre.
The devotion to duty of the main character was masterfully portrayed by Rea.
You can feel the suffering of the dedicated people who labored in that system.
He murdered 56 people over 8 years in the former Soviet Union.
Rea makes us feel for this man.
All around a very well done movie with fine performances and a great screenplay.
9 out of 10 stars.
HBO has furnished us with an excellent film in an unusual manner.
Congrats to the director and editor of this great piece.
It is in my Top 10 Must see list.
The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical .
But hardly anyone has done it so well.
This is a quality film.
The subject matter is at once grim and gripping.
This is a truly remarkable piece of cinematic achievement.
An HBO product for t.
and it takes place in Russia.
There are only two short action scenes but they are horrific.
There are some excellent comments and observations on this film.
He is the objective.
This is one damn fine film.
This movie tells an amazing story with history and compassion.
Interpol relations and how the agencies work together are also great.
Not overly done either.
How the police work with the political party being what it was.
It is truly fascinating and frustrating.
The settings are beautiful.
HBO has hit the jackpot here.
This film is compelling from the first moment until the last.
They had photos of him sitting in his cage while being prosecuted in court.
This was too good to be made for TV.
I can go either way on material like that.
But the atmosphere of the film is decent.
Merino exploits this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nudity.
I used to pretend to be a bad TV soap actor with my girlfriend.
They do not do that at all in Soap Dish.
Oscar Levant and Leslie Caron I can take or leave.
well it is not really there.
The acting is also not so smooth by Caron.
Few films have so elegantly and succinctly shown two people falling in love.
The film was inspired by the 1928 orchestral composition by George Gershwin.
Gene Kelly directed the brief fantasy dance sequences shown as Lise is introduced.
He used space and time imaginatively.
The ballet in An American in Paris may be his best work.
So Freed went to studio head Louis B.
Well the financial guys finally gave in and signed the checks.
As feel good musicals go it is definitely in the top 10.
An American in Paris is a showcase of Gene Kelly.
The song and dance routines are all perfection.
It won two Academy Awards for Best Picture of 1951 and Best Screenplay.
The story of an American painter in Paris who tries to make it big.
I enjoyed this film.
You can see that MGM was showing off Technicolor.
There are hardly any colors that do not appear in this film.
Every scene is packed full.
The choreography was great.
Gene Kelly is a wonder.
He is so talented.
He understands that the dances can tell the story as much as anything else.
Few American composers have had a better gift for melody.
Ira Gershwin is definitely one of the greatest lyric writers.
He is so witty and charming.
This was a highly entertaining film.
It left me with an emotional hangover that lasted for several days.
You want the audience to be fully aware of his deficiencies.
But it serves the same function in the plot.
Same with the art show.
I guess it is in the eye of the beholder.
The two films are actually closely linked.
movie after the Ballet ended.
The film literally left me in the lurch.
Gene Kelly came up with some really grand ideas for musicals while with MGM.
Gershwin got the kind of deal for Gershwin music that Irving Berlin normally got.
Two women are interested in him.
At one point Kelly dances on top of the baby grand piano.
So it happened that way.
But this one topped them all.
I guess fantasy trumped realism that year.
Big budgets also have an upper hand in these things as well.
Their romantic love affair sparkles as brightly as the City of Lights itself.
He even applauds to himself as members of the audience.
Kelly seems to defy the boundaries of his physical self.
The film gave us a wealth of memories to take home.
This film is possibly disturbing in many aspects.
Parsifal journeys into the 19th and 20th century throughout the film.
The tempting Flower Maidens are in the nude.
Warner and Nat Pendleton.
Exciting cinematic suspense in both these scenes.
I have been a fan of this movie for years and years.
to name a few.
all give splendid performances.
Must have been a set that was used in many a subsequent film.
Nicely done and passes the time in an entertaining manner.
Van Dine must have been a shrewd businessman in dealing with Hollywood.
Only Tarzan seemed to get around Hollywood more.
MGM produced the Garden Murder Case and starred Edmund Lowe as the fashionable detective.
Mayer decided to concentrate him there.
I will say this though.
A warm family film to enjoy.
It proves that the dreams of an adolescent can truly come true.
A great storyline with a message.
The editing is first rate.
This is a great movie to see with your girlfriend.
We had to get it.
An excellent family movie.
gives a lot to think on.
Everything is just perfect.
The acting is alright.
I first saw this film during and International Film Studies course.
You will still be laughing at it when the disc wears out.
It will reward the attentive and sensitive viewer.
It is a beautifully filmed human story.
The final few scenes are powerful but depressing.
None of the scenes felt gratuitous or out of the place.
Anyone growing up in the South would experience the same things.
Even a glance is forbidden.
There are no words needed.
Their facial expressions say everything.
She really can not see this dance.
They can not even get undressed for bed by themselves.
Their racist attitudes will be erased with their presence.
I think I would like to visit this Africa.
Because there is no real story here.
But I was truly enraptured by its quiet pacing and by the glorious ending.
He says that when he came he wanted to call everyone brother.
This is an amazing film to watch or show young people.
The Whites are all the bosses and they expect Black servitude without question.
till HBO began rerunning it this month.
Cathy Moriarty steals the show in my opinion.
all turn in superb performances as expected.
So 10 it is.
Most students had trouble understanding the end of the film.
The household is divided into public and private spaces.
Personally I liked Greensleeves and the other harsher characters.
They had some of the more amusing lines.
One of the most unheralded great works of animation.
Sorry to disappoint everyone.
I do not watch soaps.
My grandmother still watches that one with the hour glass.
But this movie takes parody and spells it a new way.
I found the story pretty damn funny.
I went and saw Rivers and Tides again today.
To Blake Art was a War.
He would rather have only the images and the wonderful soundtrack.
So I was aware of that as I watched this second time.
Be a Trend setter.
This film is mesmerizing in its beauty and creativity.
This movie is probably for you.
it combines nature and art in a minimal way as it is in itself.
this is overall a great piece of work in every aspect.
it has no boundaries as far as age goes.
This film is stunningly beautiful.
I strongly recommend this movie to everyone.
I can think of nothing else to say about it.
The music set to the film is embracing and intoxicating.
I for one am glad to know that Andy is somewhere out there.
He makes art from objects he finds in nature.
The work seems to be more of a process than a goal.
But do go if you have the opportunity.
There are also several books available with photographs of his sculptures.
It is an experience purely of time and form.
Greetings again from the darkness.
Insight into the mind and motivation of a wonderful artist.
How strange for most of us to see someone who MUST work.
I beg to differ.
The process of creation and destruction.
Of emergence and disappearing.
This is a romantic comedy with the emphasis on comedy for a change.
As a romantic counterpoint or foil to the leads are Robert Downey Jr.
But see this for Sally Field who is outstanding.
I can understand not wanting to hear him talk through the movie.
But The Shootings Did Leave And Effect.
The structure and execution of the film was fantastic.
Cal and Andre were phenomenal as the two disturbed classmates.
Very powerful and intense.
the end shooting sequence leaves you speechless because it is almost too realistic.
I really hope it gets the attention it deserves.
If you have got the chance you really should see it.
normal kids with normal families.
I was lucky enough to see Zero Day last night.
A very disturbing one at that.
Just your average kids.
They plan to shoot up there High School.
The movie is very chilling.
You really need to see it yourself.
This is the best movie I have come across in a long while.
He filmed it using teenage actors who were still attending high school.
It is almost artful.
and the tension in the final minutes of the movie is excruciating.
There is only one aspect of ZERO DAY that troubled me.
Yet these boys do not really seem angry.
They showed their life for about a year.
And THAT gives me the chills.
Of course I was.
I got to like them.
But I knew they were.
And that is why I can not go to sleep right now.
This movie is about a fictional soap opera.
It is very fast and funny.
To say anything else would ruin the movie.
There are several plots and sub plots in the movie.
They all gives over the top performances.
This movie is favorite of mine from the year 1991.
They showed their life for about a year.
And THAT gives me the chills.
Of course I was.
I got to like them.
But I knew they were.
And that is why I can not go to sleep right now.
I can honestly say it was very interesting indeed.
The problem is that little in terms of emotion is directly delivered.
The movie is amazing.
It feels like you are watching something that actually happened.
This movie is one for the ages.
Society left them behind and the consequences are horrifying and real.
Respect and love your fellow man.
It seems hard to really pinpoint.
They turn fantasy into tragedy.
Yet he is in his own way dominant.
Cal placates Andre and encourages him.
Whilst Cal has found someone offering him a way out.
The movie certainly picks up pace and improves as it nears its grim conclusion.
There is an excellent moment when Cal attends the high school prom.
We feel like shunning the masses as they have.
The penultimate scene is superb.
It is all too real and truly creates a sense of impending doom.
It is a character study well worth experiencing.
zero day is based of columbine high school massacre.
and its a video diary of two boys.
they is a lot to say about this movie.
the two boys act like they are in a weird cult.
they burn all there stuff.
so thats my review on zero day.
and lets just say the end shooting scene is messed up.
It really put things in perspective as I watched it.
This film would not have worked in any other format.
It also reminds us of the media storm that followed after.
This movie is a fictional version of our dreams coming true.
We get to see the kid behind the monster.
Misunderstood by some and picked on by others.
But together they stand and all will pay.
The first movie in years that left me absolutely staggered.
But then not all killers are raving lunatics foaming at the mouth.
They are just wired differently.
And that is perhaps the most chilling thought of all.
The characters are real human beings with logic and reasons behind their actions.
You get to understand them.
Overall though a really good movie on a very tough topic.
Their parents just think the guys are filming for a family home video.
I just came back from the Montreal premiere of Zero Day.
I understand how can young kids can be driven to do such horror.
High schools have became battle fields of conformity.
You need to fight your way into being like the others.
Cal expressed it well.
Drama is everywhere and it can take every shape.
and a scary one that might get to other kids.
Flawed but honest with a terrible honesty.
Especially the last scenes were almost painful to watch.
Hope it gets the distribution it deserves.
I rented Zero Day from the local video store last week.
I had never heard of the film and I had my reservations about it.
Zero Day is a phenomenal film.
It leaves you thinking about the lives involved.
And it leaves you perplexed how people get to this point.
The material in the film is disturbing.
This is not mainstream Hollywood and there is no happy ending.
this film is builds up solidly and it keeps you going.
The music is very different but very good.
Virginia begins to question just what is growing inside of her.
Brooke Adams stars as Virginia.
There they meet Dr.
It is fantastic on more levels than I can remember.
Love this film also.
It was really crowded and it was a very ambitious atmosphere to.
I can totally understand why nobody else ever tried to do something like this.
There already is something like this.
Detractors of this series tend to argue that it is formulaic and hopelessly dated.
and then kills it.
This is a classic that has somehow slipped through the cracks.
It fits the soap opera with it is flamboyant and melodramatic air.
D set coming out.
so many of them seem new all over again.
They just do not make stuff like this these days.
Great stories and a great cast and nothing else to weigh it down.
It works on both levels.
It truly gets better with age.
Never should have been on Fridays in the first place.
ABC had huge problems with Friday nights.
Watch it and weep.
10 out of 10.
You were scared for him and for the other characters too.
I could not even purchase the Jeff Rice novels.
Then something wonderful happened.
My twelve year old self would have adored it.
I am glad that the show was never revived though.
Without Oakland it would not have been the same.
I have the Rice books now and have read them several times.
What you do not see is sometimes more frightening than what you do.
you had to be there at the time but it was an interesting idea.
It is interesting and unusual to observe the diversity of opinion here.
This was made for them.
Perhaps some reviewers are taking it too seriously.
You can do a lot with a little cash.
Blair Witch proved that.
This film supports it.
It is no more than a sitcom in length and complexity.
I have recommended this film to all of my friends.
Sure wish he would make more films.
There also several visual gags that are quite ahead of their time.
The quintessential road movie.
The acting and direction were terrific.
In fact everything in the film seemed to flow except for the script.
This is one of the funniest movies I have seen.
This is a smaller film and I am willing to forgive minor things.
I enjoyed the acting of all of the major players.
This movie is awesome for three main reasons.
It is esthetically beautiful.
I absolutely loved that.
Sometimes they fall into clichs but this one does not.
There is a mix of humor and emotion throughout the film.
I like the end a lot.
And of course it is all about the Magician theme .
I rented this movie from blockbuster on a whim .
i guess i got lucky .
i laughed from beginning to end .
Miriam Hopkins and Claude Rains give wonderful performances.
Hopkins was a beautiful actress who really makes us feel for Mrs.
The driving force for Mrs.
The real merit of the picture is the cast.
Perhaps Lady with Red Hair contains his best work in films.
See it and enjoy him.
Still this slasher yarn offers plenty of nasty violence and gore.
Steers who plays the villain is fairly threatening.
The desert locations provide some atmosphere and the gore is rather strong.
8 out of 10.
I would give it 6.
5 out of 10.
A couple of the murders are indeed extremely macabre.
There are some surprisingly good performances on display from an extremely inexperienced cast.
The divine Jennifer McAllister does a superb job as the heroine and B.
Steers portrays off his rocker dementia with finesse.
But I do not know.
They are the underlying strength of the film.
You got things to say.
Told you 158 times I can not stand little notes on my pillow.
This movie is like strawberries dipped in chocolate.
A joy from start to finish.
Now THAT is only in the first few minutes.
This was the first time I would seen the always charming Teri Hatcher.
These men have great jobs though.
7 out of 10.
This film really works.
The supporting cast for this film is stellar as well.
It is about 2 men living together who are from opposite planets.
The script bristles with humor from this situation.
This had been done in some forms previously.
This is the one that brings it all together in a very good package.
It is hard to imagine Simon ever topping this.
He seems to have every health condition in the book.
Running throughout the movie are references to marriage.
Their friendship becomes an inadvertent hellish relationship.
The beginning 20 minutes are very boring.
The original film is still very good.
and laugh out loud funny in many scenes.
She calls Oscar and lets him know what happened.
After some side splitting hysterics it is agreed Felix will stay with Oscar.
I think that this is possibly the funniest movie I have ever seen.
easily surpassing the stage and screen versions of the tale.
The script is good.
And all in one scene.
What can I say.
this is a wonderful film that I can watch over and over.
It is definitely one of the top ten comedies made.
It is real to life situation done perfectly.
The joke is usually on themselves as oppose to passing the joke onto another.
Nicely photographed and directed.
The Odd Couple is a comic gem.
Thats when the fun begins.
It has a great cast who each give great performances.
Especially Sally Field and Kevin Kline.
No one delivers these lines better.
No one times them better.
Nobody does it better.
This cordial comedy confronts a few bizarre characters.
So he tries to kill himself but every attempt fails.
He offers his distressed friend Felix a new home in his apartment.
He cleans and cooks the whole time.
Filmed in a theatrical way and excellent acted.
He is the perfect clown.
The film is full of such amusing and at the same time touching scenes.
So there you have it.
Simply one of the best comedies and films ever.
It is I would venture one of the greatest comic films of all times.
The script is so sharp that you need to staunch the bleeding.
The story is well known and has already been described in other comments.
Ultimately it is not really possible to say anything else.
A FROLICS OF YOUTH Short Subject.
The abandoned spaniel he finds helps to change his mind.
As soon as he saw a dog in need he overcame his fear.
Years ago I did follow a soap on TV.
Many congrats to all who made it.
All is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by.
The mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea.
The joke proved unintentionally prophetic.
Impressive during this course of history was what led to the struggle.
I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in World War II history.
and it is pretty interesting.
This is a good movie.
It tries to be the epic adventure of the century.
It more has the same feeling that a old Errol Flynn movie had.
You just can not hate it.
I think it is an okay adventure movie.
And I really love the soundtrack.
This was a really cool movie.
It reminds me of the story of Anne Frank.
She is cast very well as Hanna and immediately has our sympathy.
The second half of the film is the most interesting and tragic one.
The movie is filmed very good.
The music is good.
This is a very good and thrilling film.
Sadly a complete version of this may never get a decent release.
The English dubbing severely hurts the movie.
I do not understand.
Explain to me again how this is.
It is an incoherent mess.
It might have been a solo.
Rank amateur directing there.
But its a setup for a twisted scientific experiment to unleash his inner beast.
Post production was a nightmare.
Then its raining again.
And yet you do not look at it as a gaffe.
You can find it for free at Archive.
The world lost a great artist this month.
I absolutely LOVE this movie and would really like to have it someday.
His sister packs him some food and he goes.
This movie was great and I would like to buy it.
The boy goes with his grandfather to catch a young eagle.
the boy saves the eagle from being killed and runs away from the tribe.
Please if anyone knows where I can buy this movie let me know.
I still remember one of the opening lines.
He lived with his sister so and so in the village.
He gets to live the way he always wanted to.
He gets to soar the heavens.
There were some interesting films.
I was more of a movie goer then.
I have been searching for this film for years.
It was truly inspiring.
I too did not remember the Disney film.
I did not even remember that it was an opening film for Disney.
I truly wish they would show this on TV sometime.
And I was very impressed by it.
I remember that an Indian boy was friends with an eagle.
This impressed me very much.
As an eagle he was still wearing his turquoise necklace.
He has asked if it were possible for me to get this for him.
Since we have Indian blood he connects to this movie.
The story and images of this movie have been burned into my memory.
I loved it and want my kids to see it.
What a great story this really was.
I think it is only available on VHS.
What a wonderful era this was.
This is a good movie.
With pretty good performances.
If you like Falling down you are going to enjoy this one.
The story has been told before.
A deadly disease is spreading around.
He is indeed a desperate person just going home to see his child.
This person could be working next to you.
This is by far the most consistently hilarious comedy I have ever seen.
I can quote this movie for hours on end.
Piece of subtle art.
Doubtlessly a special story about the ambiguity of existence.
Images of Trial and same ambiguous woman.
Hypocrisy is a mask.
The acting by all of these actors is very good.
Hurt and Weller are really excellent in this film.
I thought that they performed good.
The thrills is really good and some of it is surprising.
The movie is filmed very good.
The music is good.
This is a very good and thrilling film.
Now some years later he is now in Russia or someplace.
Now as I said before this film is a lot like Falling Down.
SHE is famous for cursing a priest which came true.
which does happen at the end of the movie.
cable network while I was flipping channels.
The premise is reasonably simple.
Just that is more of snail mail.
Very slow snail mail.
This is a great film.
The cinematography is gorgeous and there are a number of big name actors.
This movie helps to image those kinds of stories and memories.
Some people just do not get it.
Kline and Fields are great.
Just a lot of fun.
Very good acting and script.
Very touching as well for the spiritually mature.
Not for people who do not like to think.
She soon discovers that she has nowhere to go.
This not very well known picture is well written and acted.
The location is breathtaking.
This film gives some insight of Japanese culture here and across the ocean.
Distortion is a movie that sort of caught me by surprise.
His wife has no idea that this is happening.
The detective hired by the playwright becomes a character in the play.
The premise is simple.
This is one of the best thrillers of 2005.
A great eye candy.
This could be the best.
They have a couple of drinks and end up sitting together on the plane.
And what does this have to with Lisa.
Definitely worth the see.
The emotions was in right choose.
Idea and script of this movie is great too.
The doctor ends up renting her a house and buying her a car.
o such foolishness here.
Yes you see a few characters but they really only interact with the principals.
Such as the husband wife at the motel whose room was canceled.
The bad guy in particular needs her in the beginning of the flight.
The rude guy in the airport was important to the movie too.
She thinks what she can do to stall time.
Any other movie the smart executive women would be acting like idiots.
But not this one.
Was Craven should do more of these types of movies.
Also one last comment.
He is completely unrecognizable.
I was bored one night and Red Eye was on and thought why not.
Red Eye is one of the best movies in a long time.
I mean I just got into the movie cause it was just so brilliant.
The story is new and different.
Red Eye is just phenomenal.
Nothing more and nothing less.
I give Red Eye 9 out of 10.
I will not give anything away.
Then we move on to where Jack is chasing Lisa in the airport.
There is nearly twelve minutes of violence and strong intensity throughout that entire scene.
Not only was the movie intense but it had a great plot to it.
Red Eye I have to say is better than 10 out of 10 stars.
thrilling as I found it.
I rather tended to forget I was watching a movie.
That says a lot.
The death of her grandmother sends her on a flight which delayed several times.
a flight where she meets Jack.
She succeeds in saving them.
A great thrill ride all the way through.
Wes Craven depicts the story of a regular hotel worker Lisa.
Then this is when the horror starts.
This is an excellent example of a bone shaking production.
Wes Craven did well with this film.
that will stay with you for weeks.
I will leave it at that.
Red Eye is a good little thriller to watch on a Saturday night.
This movies strongest point is its cast.
This film needed good actors to deliver the dialog and thrills.
We had Rachel McAdams from Mean Girls and Wedding Crashers.
The pacing in this film was great.
Much better then the other flight movie Flight Plan.
Not too long and not too shabby.
Greetings again from the darkness.
Craven even has a cameo as one of the passengers on the plane.
She is a natural.
WES CRAVEN is at his best ever.
He brings us an amazing end of summer thriller I was so desperately craving.
This is THE thriller of the year.
All the actors are amazing and the action is realistic and fun.
It steadily built suspense.
I was on the edge of my seat most of the movie.
The film is very fast pace and exciting with no slow or boring spots.
Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera.
Red Eye really shows his skills at storytelling.
Red Eye also works well because of its young and talented cast.
Rachel McAdams gives a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate.
You may even end up cheering for her out loud.
The way he acts charming at first but then turns psycho is especially impressive.
There are a few unrealistic moments that may distract the viewer.
If you expect a horror movie then you will end up disappointed.
Had me on the edge of my seat.
But these folks were probably right to keep the movie so tightly focused.
as I'm not sure it makes a great deal of sense.
Just sit back and enjoy.
No cheap make up.
As always she delivers an entertaining and convincing performance.
Wes finally gets it right.
I had fun watching Red Eye.
At least not another Scream with the usual college killer.
I saw an advanced screening for this movie tonight.
I absolutely loved it.
The movie kept me on the edge of my seat all night.
He played his character very well.
Rachel McAdams was great.
The suspense is held through out the movie.
I was not disappointed in the end.
The trailer does not do the movie justice.
The movie is much better than the trailer indicated.
Do not wait for this movie to come out on video.
75 to see it.
Hitchcock understood that people go the the movies to have a good time.
Something that Hollywood seems to have forgotten in recent years.
Rachel McAdams is wonderful as always.
The directing is surprising stylish.
The story is good but the dialog could have used some sprucing up.
I'm quite functional in my personal and professional life.
Many addicts have suffered miserable abuse.
Some kids simply respond badly to divorce.
Often it is those of us with smaller issues who suffer the longest.
This is followed by an intervention which is then followed by an outcome.
This makes the positive outcomes all the better.
Another thing I like about the show is the quality of the camera work.
Now for the bad.
The film is stunning.
It is a crude portrait of the city.
Or it is like The Brave One.
A film that shocks and hits you in the guts very hard.
Leaves you shaking and stunned.
Four of the best filmmakers in the contemporary Mexican cinema.
A surprisingly good cast.
If you had an assault without a scratch then you are lucky.
And it is a beautiful life in Mexico.
I nearly puked when I saw some of the images.
The recreation of a similar situation in this film shocked me deeply.
Those are meaningless compared with the actions of the people.
With a few exceptions they are all perfect examples of human rubbish.
The music by A.
I saw this movie when it first came out.
This is not your ordinary psycho movie.
Lots of interesting and original slants on the genre.
A most awaited film of the year 2002.
Its a good entertaining movie and gives good messages also.
I will rate this movie as Good instead of Excellent because of the screenplay.
Its a must watch movie.
Lexi is admitted to hospital.
This film shows it as it is.
She gets better and then has a drawback.
I think this movie shows all of that very well.
There should be more movies like this.
The product is one of the most beautiful and unique films in recent memory.
This film is not in black and white.
But lurking in the distance are the vikings.
Forget what you think you know about this film you are wrong.
Its a simple story with so much more going on.
There is death and destruction and joy and happiness.
Its not sugar coated.
Its a film that looks unlike any other.
the Images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible.
Its stunningly beautiful and best described as art come to life.
I can not say more than that.
Its one of the best animated films I have ever run across.
And the comic relief is sometimes a bit too broad.
But these are minor problems with an otherwise delightful and superbly imaginative film.
The cast is excellent I think.
It felt like a slight acid trip.
I figured I was just missing a piece of Irish history.
I originally thought the animation was flat and boring.
The edges of the screen become framed in decorated moving triangles or circles.
This is one of them.
Brendan is not fond of the wall and neither are the other monks.
One day a traveler comes from the island of Iona near Scotland.
Aidan has special plans for Brendan.
There are things worse than Vikings out there.
The animation here contains a lot of similar designs and patterns.
It enhances the film.
We are reminded of it is importance but never fully understand.
That was really the only lacking portion of the film.
Otherwise I thought the story was interesting though completely outdone by the animation.
I guess that is okay to a certain degree.
The animation can carry a film so far before it falls short.
I think it will help your viewing experience a lot more.
This a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed.
The reds used in the Viking invasion sequence is unforgettably haunting.
Try to catch this quiet gem of a film.
You fall in love with the characters from the moment you meet them.
The groundswell of support amongst our animation community is phenomenal.
I'm here to tell you now it is been worth the wait.
May there be many more.
The startling conclusion packs a mean and lingering wallop right to the gut.
A solid and satisfying winner.
I love the pace of the show and the fast upbeat music.
just incredible considering what an monumentally difficult race it is.
You are all wonderful.
If you loved Long Way Round you will enjoy this nearly as much.
Ewan makes a few appearances but Charley really pulls it off alone.
It is a motorcycle movie though and anyone on two wheels will love this.
The series features stunning photography as well as a few interviews of peoples mouths.
Great to see him with Ewan again.
As for their being no mention of it on the package.
They should have given it a 15 just for the language alone.
Wonderful location shooting in Hawaii.
The photography and the compositions are excellent.
Bow settles her hash fast.
Popping in a CD has it is advantages.
Except in the Twilight Zone.
It has a good plot and it is unique.
This movie also has a very good ending.
the list goes on.
There was one slight disappointment for me however.
you get the picture.
Well to the actual plot of the film.
This movie i have been dying to see.
Well it took till now to decide to actually rent it.
It was completely worth it.
This movie made me laugh from the beginning to the end.
Chris Rock is funny no matter which movie he is in.
Great movie when I saw it.
Have to say one of my favorite movies of all time.
Also the thought of how the movie goes is a nice way of thinking.
I like the movie overall so i give it a.
but I saw past that flaw and saw a solid comedy.
This movie is a remake of two movies that were a lot better.
This one is not so great.
It all seems real fake and the editing is just bad.
I do not know how they could release this movie like that.
Because I absolutely loved it and found it to be a little hidden treasure.
I really can not think of anything bad to say about it.
But I found all the characters very intriguing and sympathetic.
But I guess the title already kind of gives that away.
I have seen this film several times.
they run a close comparison and definitely are more modern to reach people.
I have seen this movie a whole dozen times and it is awesome.
I think that it would be interesting to do a remake of it.
Hard for any girl to look good with him.
Europa is probably the differential for its greatness in visual terms.
This is what he offers to us constantly through his work over and over.
I have read most of the comments on this movie.
No one got scared or traumatized like I have read on some posts.
The movie is just based on biblical facts.
back then there were only 4 or 5 TV stations to choose from.
The Vietnam war was just over.
There will still be 7 years before Star Wars comes out.
They just needed to find an excuse and blamed A Thief In The Night.
No one can ever blame themselves because they are always right.
Just like these whiners who complain about the movie.
These people must be full grown adults.
Something new is always good.
Trust your own instincts.
This is a great movie.
If you can see this movie.
I think the U.
will play a major role in the world government to come.
The last days are lining up with the Bible.
The viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by sloppy craftsmanship.
The message of the movie is superb.
I plan on showing it to my teen group at church.
The fashion in the movie was exactly the same fashion of its time.
Overall a good episode.
What used to terrify me in junior high now makes me laugh.
It even has the SAME EXACT score of Monty Python and the Holy Grail.
I think I'm the only person in history to make that observation.
I saw myself acting out just like her.
Anyone who has struggled with manic depression could get so much from this movie.
Never mind about if it showed her awards or what they were for.
That is not the issue here.
It was so real.
It was like watching myself up there on screen.
I wish I could thank Ms.
I have a lot of respect for her as a person.
It is unfortunate that when a celebrity suffers that is what helps people most.
I always thought she was great and always will.
I am glad that she wrote this book and that the movie was made.
She is a remarkable lady and I hope she continues to act.
She has been through a lot and has faced it.
The movie was so moving to me that I was very touched.
She was a household name in America by age 15.
The plot is flyweight.
Television horror film hostess Elvira dreams of success in Las Vegas.
Actress Cassandra Peterson has to this date ridden on that success.
Her agent Manny proves a disappointment.
Her voluptuous figure and winning personality soon draws the youth of the town.
And the breasts of Cassandra Peterson become a character of their own.
Someone posted that it could be better written and it could be.
But with a horror host instead of a lawyer.
Sadly it is a wasted opportunity.
With just a bit more writing it could be a classic.
Apart from the obvious reasons.
It would have been great to see their relationship flourish.
Elvira herself is always fun and engaging.
Every time she smiles you will too.
The sort of person you would let look after your kids.
I would recommend giving it a go.
Just do not expect too much.
The other adults have trouble with her for the same reasons.
They just do not make movies like this anymore.
But the uptight townspeople of Falwell are in for a treat.
How can one not forget Daniel Greene once you have seen.
Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made that shot look any better.
but its not all that easy.
hope you like it in total i will have to give it a 0.
com if you wanna.
And yet another run of South Park comes to an end.
Another inspired South Park moment.
Now we must wait until October for the next batch of episodes.
I think that this movie is very fun and horror.
I love Elvira and I like this movie.
I think that she is amazing actress with big.
Cassandra Peterson is one of my favorite comedy actresses.
You can rely on me.
But the fact that I remember it speaks volumes.
One more rewrite for the ending was needed.
um past revealing her enormous.
There are many references made to the wizard of oz throughout the movie.
she and her uncle both quote lines relevant to their parallel characters.
This film is pure Elvira and shows her at her breast.
I mean that in a good way though.
The supporting characters were pretty shallow and mediocre.
She is lovable and adorable.
Cassandra Petersen has a world of acting talent that just glows in this movie.
Few men could disagree with that.
I had a smile ear to ear from the first scene to the last.
I wish they had made a dozen more Elvia movies.
Also check out ELVIRA'S HAUNTED HILLS.
It will not shake the world or change movies forever.
What it will do is entertain.
There are never enough.
He exudes a wonderful refined malice.
I could find no technical faults.
The execution is as close to flawless as the art form gets.
This tender beautifully crafted production delved deep down bitter sweet into my being.
Mr Harvey is experiencing much pain throughout .
Harvey during a school field trip to Salisbury Cathedral.
The cathedral accomplishes its goal.
This is a very powerful and very inspiring movie.
The resolution between the graffiti boy and the Muslim was gratifying but less believable.
if you have a chance of seeing this film do see it.
in my opinion it is a piece of art.
I do not know why it was so fantastic but it simply was.
So many of the characters were so real.
A fine effort for an Australian show.
but it is reminiscent of early secret life of us.
lets hope the show keeps improving with each episode.
I can safely say I'm now glad that I did.
It is a satire of how people treat the homeless.
He dropped the Big Pass in more ways than one.
this film explores that and more.
Succeeds on Many Levels.
The fateful game took place in 1972.
That means that the protagonists graduated in 1972.
But almost all of the music played at the dances etc.
The film did not do well at the box office.
I saw it in a sneak preview.
I have always enjoyed the film.
Robin did well with his role.
I am not a football fan or a real sports fan.
Spoiler This movie is about such a concept.
Russel plays the ex jock who peaked in high school.
A great reverse tragedy.
The Best of Times is one of the great sleepers of all time.
There is lots of sentimentality.
The cast also includes many great supporters.
The fight spread outside the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger.
Brock pulled himself together and began to take charge.
Stephanie McMahon stepped out to issue her own pitch.
She said the two of them were once unstoppable and they can be again.
Triple H said that was a tempting offer.
The Canadians took over from there.
Edge tagged in soon after and dropped both opponents.
Test raced down and took down Hogan then leveled Edge with a boot.
The Rock retaliated by latching on the ankle lock to Kurt Angle.
Taker picked Rock up and crashed him with the Last Ride.
He dropped the Big Pass in more ways than one.
Great fun for anyone wishing to enjoy their youth again.
I guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point.
But Williams and Russell are actually a pretty good comedy team.
This movie surprisingly had a lot of good twists and turns.
This movie has everything you want from an action movie.
Does this sounds cheesy.
Of course it is.
You could argue about the twists being predictable.
But more about the journey to that moment.
8 out of 10.
This movie surprised me in a good way.
Things get more complicated as nobody seldom tells the truth about things.
Made men is well worth checking out.
But especially Timothy Dalton plays a very good roll as the Sheriff.
Great entertainment from start to the end.
Some twists and many action scenes.
and that taxidermy has to do with stuffing animals.
Please do not ruin this great piece by your simple mindedness.
The reasons are far more complex than the single thing you mentioned.
Please read the book as is it a great source of information.
I enjoyed it a lot.
This book is even a taught as a text book at some universities.
Not to my ear.
Additionally there is a good music video.
The ending was quick though.
It ended off quickly which was perfect for this match.
Easily the match of the year.
This is by far the best triple threat match i have ever seen.
No one could predict who would come out of this one.
They say documentary presents information which is taught in middle school.
Neither did I see native peoples portrayed as poor little innocent things.
The common denominator here is the awesome House Band.
Get those boys a good lead singer and they are going places.
This is almost typical Lynch.
The performances are great and the short is thought provoking.
Many questions are left unanswered and this ignites the imagination.
Another brilliant effort from Lynch.
I really think that people are taking the wrong approach at this one.
I just take it for what it is.
I think the suspense and mystery are ingenious in their insinuation upon the watcher.
And in good right.
Lynch is not about that.
At least this side of Lynch is not.
There is diagonal pan.
Zooms also go back and forth sometimes.
This can be felt even in this crappy room.
This is your typical Lynch short.
I am watching the series back to back as fast as possible.
I am attempting to watch all things Star Trek.
Star Trek is the greatest television phenomenon ever achieved.
This portion of the film is almost spot on in that regard.
It just seems so tragic but needs to be told.
Powers Boothe give a commanding performance as the leader Rev.
Jim Jones from obscurity until total madness.
I have seen this film literally over 100 times.
These should be evident to most independent observers.
Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost.
She wears a flowered dress and apron with a sun hat on her head.
The tragic passing of Ruth affects Will deeply.
They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story.
The film is endlessly unpredictable.
Its shot in black and white with shots of color randomly appearing throughout.
This is now a personal favorite film of mine.
Jones physical likeness to Jones is uncanny and the story is acted out chillingly.
The movie keeps you riveted and is a must see for anyone.
A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses.
Not to let it be repeated again.
Rented the movie as a joke.
I loved the credit at the end of the movie as well.
In short a great movie if you are looking for something to laugh at.
A Great watch for children and adults of all genders.
Puff N Stuff had hinted towards marijuana smoking.
Your kids will love this movie.
I enjoyed it very much as a child.
My father showed me this movie as a child.
Although at the time I had no clue about what those were.
The movie is comedy and adventure.
The storyline is wacky and cheerful.
I and you shall enjoy this together.
Everything was better in past days.
But they are not the only creatures.
After seeing Dick Tracy in the 6.
I do not think you will be disappointed.
This is the perfect film for anybody to watch with their children.
I still liked it though.
She did not belong in this movie and her acting job was pretty bad.
The movie at some points just stood still.
You expected something more and you got nothing.
I did not see Ishtar but I heard bad things.
The reason to watch this movie is the atmosphere.
The costumes and makeup were flawless as well.
The facial makeup for the villains was great.
Of course that movie was much bigger in terms of gross.
Dick Tracy was originally a comic book created in 1931 by Chester Gould.
Go buy it today.
You will not be sorry.
This movies is the best movie to watch for comic book feel.
This is truly one entertaining movie.
Something is wrong with that picture.
Personally I give it a 10.
It is a movie based on a comic book hero.
This movie won more than it is share of awards.
right there tells me it is better than a 5.
If you are looking for pure entertainment be sure to check out Dick Tracy.
Definitely a movie you can watch more than a few times.
I saw Dick Tracy when I was very young.
I sure loved it though.
He or she is very unknown.
I thought that this movie was very colorful and creative.
It was entertaining and fun to watch especially as a child.
Take my word for it.
The film is a continuation of sight gags that are perfectly taken seriously.
I love the bright colors vs.
Beautiful scenery and mood transport you directly into a comic strip environment.
To me it is not bad at all.
The surreal feeling really got me.
Almost all the suits are elaborate in blues and greens and yellows and reds.
The humor is plentiful.
Dick Tracy is one of my all time favorite films.
You will either really love it or really hate it.
It came out a year after the success of Batman.
But its based on a comic strip.
This is one of the best characters Madonna has ever played.
I thoroughly enjoyed this true to form take on the Dick Tracy persona.
Dick Tracy is easily the best comic book based movie made to date.
just sit back with some popcorn and enjoy this one.
Great fun for kids and adults alike.
7 out of 10.
The list is far too long.
Just taking a look at one scene from the film is breathtaking.
I hope she can keep acting and directing.
Check the full credits on the main page and you will amazed.
like nothing you have ever seen.
The whole score was terrible.
I thought I was back in junior high school.
But there were also times when the emotion ran thick.
Nice try on an epic film.
it turned out mediocre though.
I guess you could say I was a little bit disappointed.
You have wonderful animation and at first what seems like a perfect story.
A story about absolutely nothing but a horse in nature.
Very pretty visuals though.
This is a wonderful movie in a lot of ways.
Everyone in my family enjoyed it.
But it is done tastefully and is not offensive at all.
I have loved Disney for years and will continue to do so.
I had the same feeling.
I thoroughly recommend it.
This movie was highly entertaining.
Even more impressive is Brian Adams doing all the songs in French as well.
The score is also uplifting and dramatic.
The result is truly stunning.
The story is compelling and well narrated.
I do not understand anyone who would rank this movie less than a 7.
A man readjusts to life alone after 45 years of marriage.
This was a great movie with a good story.
The music was also fantastic.
This movie really gives you a sense of family and home and friends.
Your kids will love it.
I think you will too.
People I know hate it because Spirit was the only horse that talked.
The drawn animation is a special thing about many animations.
This is what makes the movie so goo.
I liked this movie a lot.
The animation was well done and the romance was cute.
The opening scenery and music were very stirring.
The film is a lament to an America that was once beautiful.
The horse is indeed a fine animal.
The animation is simply stupendous.
Soundtrack too is very impressive.
The wonderful instrumental music lures you to appreciate the movie.
It is one of the best animation flicks i have watched.
Would be a very fine choice on a lonely night.
If only ALL animation was this great.
The characters in this film are beautifully personified.
Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure.
Not one to be missed.
Still the movie has its moments and is quite watchable.
There is at least one funny moment.
Something of a surprise.
The film starts out very well.
The opening commercial is a very nice touch.
I also can not see why anybody would not love Scarface.
this movie is just great.
Montana was all for doing what you wanted to do with your life.
This falls under my top 10 favorite movies.
Definitely a movie you must see.
However the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest.
This movie has it all.
Great movie and you will probably really enjoy it.
This is still a superb film.
He is the dominant star of this film.
The chainsaw incident is downright brutal and their is blood everywhere.
Of course this is more than just a film about excess.
This is a film about the darker side of the American dream.
In many ways it puts it on a thematic par with The Godfather films.
This IS THE BEST FILM EVER MADE.
I disagree but this movie is very very good.
The psychological effects of what they are doing are well depicted.
This is one of my favorite films of all time.
Murray Abraham and Angel Salazar.
He manages to bring reality to his character that leaves a strong impression.
The supporting cast served its job very well.
Robert Loggia I have always enjoyed watching in just seeing him yell.
Everybody just seemed to fit their roles by being there.
They did not fit in perfectly but were convincing enough.
The writing was great it was just pure Oliver Stone.
That is a testament to him though.
Nobody knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than Oliver Stone.
The music was good but not that great.
He is not inspiring in anyway.
In a freaky twisted way he is a necessity of our society.
This in no way excuses people like him.
And he will also know whether or not it was worth it.
Tony is upset and nothing can stop him now.
the film has a great supporting cast among them is F.
The movie has a magnificent look to it.
For the rest of you it is highly recommended.
Tony Montana would and did ANYTHING to achieve it.
Tony was living high off the hog.
but it drives the point disturbingly home.
Give me a break.
This movie is entertaining and you will never get bored.
This is a masterpiece and i recommend that you see this.
You will not be disappointed.
A classic is also something that everyone praises but no one has read.
It is praised for all the wrong reasons.
And that is why the film works so well.
Not a promotion of it.
It has great cinematography that pulls you into the story.
The acting is terrific.
These three dig the film as deep as it can go.
Always go into a film unsuspecting.
This is one of my all time favorites.
The Last Hunt is the forgotten Hollywood classic western.
The laugh here is that Bronson used to play Indians.
Today a large remnant bison herd resides in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming.
She looks beautiful and is adequate in her role.
The director does go a bit overboard during a particular part in the climax.
I saw this movie about a week ago and still keep thinking about it.
I was very moved by this movie.
I found the characters very believable and likable almost to a fault.
I found this film to be a fascinating study of a family in crisis.
The film is a character study on how this family deals with its subject.
I loved this movie.
It had great production values.
Beyond the grim statistics are personal stories that we rarely hear about.
Leo tells him that he is ill and Marcel is sad but accepting.
I am still haunted by the final scene.
This is quite a dull movie.
I assume he loves her.
I know the answers do not add up but please take a stand.
It leaves you with a very fine aftertaste.
Its setting is serious.
Its elegant styling never and nowhere puts any weight on your mind.
The casting is impressive.
The latter seasons disastrous reshuffle contributed to its three season short life span.
Plus a comedy about a paparazzi reporter was original to boot.
A lot of things do not make sense to me.
She wants her freedom but it comes at a cost.
Her boss is played by the wonderful and divine Holland Taylor.
if the opportunity arises.
The film really moves along and there is excellent direction and good camera work.
But I have a few complaints.
There are only two false steps in this 1993 film.
He kills both buffalo and Indians for pure pleasure.
The most entrancing points in the movie are the entirely cinematographic ones.
An underwater shot of proliferating blood.
An uncommonly expressive sequence on what it must be like to drown.
Both visually and musically stunning.
A treat for both the eye and the ear.
The dancing of many of the lead artistes is breathtakingly good.
This movies chronicles the life and times of William Castle.
A must see for Castle fans and horror movie fans.
That aside this is just great.
So I hope this documentary acknowledged that.
I look forward to seeing it.
Trevor Howard decides their best course of action is to run for it.
They should have stayed put.
This film plays really well with an audience.
Especially once the chase begins.
The chase that ensues helps bring out the truth.
This is an entertaining film.
Seek it out if you can find it.
The Clouded Yellow is a compact psychological thriller with interesting characterizations.
She is raised by a tribe in Africa.
The point is that A.
it is hilarious until Danny Glover adopts it and it is friend.
Because later he got a job as a writer for numerous prank shows.
But how can you stand to mange a baseball team that can not win.
P hide in a tree to watch the angels play baseball.
This movie was about a couple of orphaned children who wanted a family.
This movie is perfect for families to watch together.
It is a great film and it deserves more credit.
The special effects are stunning and spectacular.
Everyone who has children should share this with theirs.
great for the entire family to watch.
I happened to catch this movie on cable one afternoon.
What I found more interesting was the depiction of the foster family system.
Sidekick Milton Davis Jr.
But that is just nitpicking.
I might as well have the money as well.
This film was pretty good.
are brought in with a variety of talented actors and understanding of the sport.
William Dear and the guys put together a great movie.
I thought that this was reasonably well done.
This movie can also be the interest of avid baseball fans.
I think this is a lovely family movie.
The actors are great and the effects well executed throughout.
All ages will love this movie.
Christopher Lloyd is hilarious and is perfect for the part.
I really enjoyed this movie as a young kid.
That was definitely the case with Angels in the Outfield.
It is also hilarious.
Its an energetic movie.
Therein lies my gripe.
To top it off the setting is beautiful and the cinematography excellent.
find something to believe in.
But this supernatural comedy is still a hilarious and worthwhile entertainment.
My vote is eight.
She adds appropriate body language for comic effect.
In fact it stinks of Curse of the Jade Scorpion.
Being entirely innocent has nothing to do with it nor does unequivocal guilt.
Though the plot seemed old Woody still has a knack for one liners.
I did find his allusions to his last film interesting.
If not watch something else.
The river Styx was pure genius.
This was much better than the newspaper critics made it sound out to be.
Directed by Woody Allen.
He plays the perfect bumbling magician.
There have been a few reviews maligning this movie.
She starts to romance him but quickly falls in love.
It was shorter and moved much more quickly.
I give it an 8.
The two would be P.
s conjure an invitation to a club where Peter Lyman goes to swim.
Allen has taken himself from the romantic lead pawing his gorgeous leading lady.
Both are excellent in their banter throughout the film.
He makes a good appearance in the movie as the man pursuing Ms.
I say give it a chance because you just might like it.
It seems that as directors reach a certain age they really get things right.
The second he walked on screen audience lit up.
Scoop is classic Woody Allen.
I would even say some shades of Hitchcock.
The plot turns are nice and tight.
Less stylized than Mighty Aphrodite.
Less forced than Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending.
Woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
Greetings again from the darkness.
What is most striking to us 40 plus year fans is that Mr.
This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy in years.
She is unafraid to look and act like a real person.
especially the banter between Allen and Scarlett.
especially the Strauss composition.
I saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show.
He did not get enough roles like this during his long career.
This is his best performance.
He is totally believable in a truly villainous role.
He basically would just do what MGM gave him.
This film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles.
This film is definitely worth a look.
Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateur sleuths.
His parents were English.
On a hot day you do not want a heavy meal.
And his body moves pretty fast too.
They were the exception though because everyone else including myself really enjoyed themselves.
If you are a Woody Allen fan you will probably enjoy yourself.
The classical music score is an excellent compliment to the action on screen.
Scarlett Johanson looks gorgeous in that bathing suit.
The last shot of the film alone is worth the admission price.
I went to the movie theater this afternoon expecting to be underwhelmed by Scoop.
Even the fluffy stuff.
This is a excellent series.
One thing they all share is they miss their mom.
And I love Michelle.
This show can relate to children and teens and.
I love the episode when I think her name is DD.
That was a great episode.
I recommend this show for everyone.
Full House is a great show.
I am still today growing up on it.
she is my favorite.
she had such a sense of humor.
it really is a good show.
i really think that this show should go down to many generations in families.
and it is great too because it is an appropriate show for all ages.
i give it 5 out of 5 stars.
It will make you feel a lot better.
you really should watch it and you will get hooked on it.
well i need must go to have some lunch.
I do not know what I would have done without Full House on television.
Both kids and adults will love this show.
The location was Sylvan Lake in the Black Hills.
So this Dakota youth looked forward to seeing the movie and was not disappointed.
The local buffalo herd was being culled so the shooting scenes were for real.
Full House came to me when I was about 9.
I think the comments regarding the show being cheesy are a bit too exaggerated.
It makes you laugh and it is not just humor.
I grew up watching Full House as a child.
Now my kids watch the show and they love to watch it as well.
It has good teachings your kids can learn from.
It talks about real life problems and family matters.
There is always a lesson you can learn from the show.
I vote the show a 10.
There is never a dull moment in Full House.
when i started high school back in 2000.
a few days after i graduated high school in 2004.
and the characters are so awesome.
Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother.
Joey is good natured and is always in a good mood.
somehow you can actually tell that DJ is a California girl.
and Stephanie is so cool.
also i have a hard time telling the Olsen twins apart.
i want my kids to watch it one day.
i just wished they could have made a 9th season.
but season 5 and 6 i think are the best.
Full House is a great family show.
Probably the best season is the first.
Once they live there together they find they can not live without each other.
This show is about three little girls.
So the whole show is about living life.
The whole show is basically about to go with the flow.
You do not have to hold grudges you just have to let it go.
I think this show is really good and fun to watch.
I grew up watching this show and still watch it today.
I am glad they still air this show on television.
I watch it almost every day.
Who brought the cheese.
During it is run it became a phenomenon.
The Anorexic Twins became popular.
This is when life was good and simple.
This is one of the great American classics.
It was humorous and always brought home a good lesson.
This is why I dare say.
It could have gone much later than it did.
But i need those real ones to come up with another new episode.
The Show is about Danny Tanner who is guy who does news for sports.
They all live under one roof with no one to help them out.
What a little gem.
The understated cinematography is superb and terribly realistic.
Probably because those in the movie were real killing fields.
Full House was and still is a great show.
I would love to see the cast interviewed now.
This is how I feel about the show.
I started watching the show in reruns in 2001.
I enjoy the show but it had too many faults.
Actors playing different roles in different episodes.
Danny all of a sudden playing the guitar.
Only in a TV show.
I did like the D.
I have never seen a show as good as Full House.
It is a great show for anyone of any age.
The plot of the show is very believable.
Jesse is a rock star waiting to get his big break.
He looses his wife in car accident involving a drunk driver.
Playing the character of Joey was perfect for him.
She is one of the best actresses I have ever seen.
Her acting ability in Full House was very believable.
It was supposed to be where she was going to get her big break.
She showed great enthusiasm.
Most young kids can not do this.
Full House is where they got their start.
There are many more cast members that should be recognized.
I think it was to focused on her towards the end.
Especially when I think Jodie and Candice were much better at acting.
Full House is a great show for everyone.
It can teach you a lot.
Full House continues to attract new fans.
Full House has made me laugh and cry.
I have heard people say Full House is cheesy and unbelievable.
The sisters fight and get their feelings hurt.
The three men who live with the girls can get into bickers at times.
They are great actresses and seem to be very nice people.
Buster in his blissful innocence botches every act.
I used to watch this show when I was a little girl.
Two things I remember vaguely are the opening sequence and theme song.
I hope some network brings it back so I can see every episode.
This show has improved very much over the years.
Then later on though it was good but not great.
My favorite has got to be Wildcat.
Jim Cummings did a perfect job of impersonating the original voice.
And the villains were very original.
These are only a few of my favorite episodes.
When the camera moves on and away from Mr.
And director BROOKS is really a superb storyteller.
The stories are engaging and very plausible.
I can laugh myself to tears in a few choice ones.
The next day he leaves for the air circus.
The Characters have a lot of depth to them.
She can be a real hellion sometimes.
I can not get enough of this show.
One of the silliest subtitles I have seen.
This movie was beautiful.
She is not listed in the credits.
This is the most compelling and excellent performance that Robert Taylor ever gave.
Acting was very good.
Story had a unique and interesting arrangement.
The absence of violence and porno sex was refreshing.
Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings.
I think the film is educational.
Big opportunity was missed to tell the world what they actually believe.
We may have a Mormon president some day.
I think it is definitely worth watching.
The background scenery is beautiful.
I would definitely recommend watching this movie.
We already know Joseph Smith was human.
but it takes a lot to move me to tears.
This film is a true and historical film.
It is an excellent film and I recommend it.
But most importantly it reveals the restoration of the church.
This movie was the best movie I have ever seen.
I highly recommend this movie for everyone.
This is one of the most spiritual movies I have ever seen.
I headed up with about 150 people to St.
George and we saw this movie in the visiting center of the St.
Not one person had dry eyes in the audience.
This is a movie about Joseph Smith and a great one at that.
This was a really great show.
The actors gave wonderful portrayals of the characters in the movie.
The story was accurately portrayed.
He thinks she is ridiculous for making the trip and is discouraging.
This is where the story of the Prophet Joseph Smith begins.
The way in which the story was presented was touching.
If nothing else but to gain some understanding of his life.
It will increase your testimony of this most incredible man.
This is a must see.
This is a very entertaining film and the acting was outstanding.
Good western filmed in the rocky Arizona wilds.
One really dumb scene shows Heston emptying .
Most of them seem to be inspired by Sam Peckinpah.
IMO the beginning is very good.
Maybe both had troubles with the director or were unhappy with their roles.
He is portraying the bad guy between maniac hate and cleverness.
His role and his acting is the best of the movie.
Landscapes and Shootouts are terrific.
The shootings scenes are bloody and the violence looks realistic.
Zach Provo and his gang had some gory and violent scenes.
What I miss is the typical western action in the middle of the movie.
I would have appreciated a bank robbery or something similar.
Overall it is an entertaining western flick.
I have seen this film on Sky Cinema not too long ago.
Most of the actors played it out really well.
But that how it was.
Very good to watch.
Great score from the late Jerry Goldsmith.
Wonderful piece of Western persona.
There were even buffalo killing contests.
government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds.
The buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting.
He also enjoy killing Indians who steal his horses.
But Taylor steals the show.
Do he and his friends head for the Mexican border from jail and safety.
His Indian woman was killed in the hail of bullets fired.
He knows that Heston has to make it personal then.
The Last Hard Men is one nasty and brutal western.
Of which there is a lot.
It is a western that deserves nothing less.
He teaches at his school railing against human rights abuses.
Unfortunately this is also it is biggest drawback.
C efforts which forces the company to find a new identity.
It was actually believable.
I like the movie.
Melissa Joan Hart is a good actress.
Twisted Desire is my second favorite movie.
But i still love Jeremy Jordan.
Certainly worth a watch.
My only complaint is that their appeared to be no closure.
Perhaps that is part of the point.
You can see a bit of what is yet to come.
I look forward to a chance to see The Papal Chase.
v as i think she is fine.
It made me think.
Now I'm interested to find out the facts of the real case.
Little did I know.
You just do not expect this sort of role for that sort of actress.
Jessica is known to now be residing somewhere in the state of Virginia.
Melissa plays her role as the psychotic Jennifer excellently.
I love the movie.
The Woman In Black is very atmospheric and dark.
The Woman In Black is fantastic in all aspects.
This film starts off as a reasonably solid and interesting ghost story.
An hilariously accurate caricature of trying to sell a script.
But only in doses does it draw upon tag.
Whenever the camera focuses on the lady in black.
A pale look and those minor mannerisms just seem to haunt you.
This is a plain old spooky ghost story.
The ending is a real twist that caught me unawares.
Well directed and well acted.
I was so impressed I got the book by Susan Hill from Amazon.
The movie follows the book rather closely.
My copy is VHS.
I can understand why this might not appeal to all palates.
Then he brings it all to a ghastly disturbing close.
when it comes to actually scaring people.
All who love a real psychological thriller must see this movie.
it is the best of it is kind.
I'm fascinated by the fact that so many other users have said this too.
but nothing can compare to this.
Comedy Festival Aspen 1999.
Most horror movies are in fact horrible movies.
Subtlety can be more terrifying.
Most viewers would find this to be too slowly paced.
But the slow pacing helps give the story credibility.
The makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and believable.
Hollywood would have done an overkill and turned this idea into a mediocrity.
The woman only makes about five appearances in the film.
This is how a really great horror film should be.
and it is a terrible shame that this is out of print.
This film gave me nightmares for months and I'm 17.
You will not forget her once you have seen her.
I first saw this movie here in the U.
in December 1989 when Central TV broadcast it.
The many casual appearances of the ghost really freaked me out.
This is all in the very beginning.
One is eager to learn the meaning of it all.
The Woman In Black is a great TV movie and a lost gem.
This film is the most profoundly terrifying film I have seen.
The story is very interesting and gets your attention since the first minutes.
This one qualifies on all counts.
I really miss the production of good old fashion Spooky films.
This film has been scaring me since the first day I saw it.
The action keeps the viewer deeply involved and the finale is quite disturbing.
The acting is excellent and the tension is almost unbearable at times.
10 out of 10.
Other players are adequate if not quite as arresting as Emil and Russell are.
Who actually wants to discuss the theories of Relativity.
The vintage costumes and locations of the period all come off fittingly enough.
But I think it is excellent.
Each of them contains the seeds of their own destruction.
Enter Senator McCarthy who thinks Einstein is a Red.
It is a powerful and memorable moment.
Insignificance is one of my top five movies of all time.
It is utterly amazing.
A lovely little B picture with all the usual Joe Lewis touches.
people ripping up pillows and auras of lurking fear.
This is surely his best.
It does not lack crime.
The title character answers an ad.
She is overjoyed that she will be making some money as a secretary.
Only a very strong person could survive such a terrifyingly unsettling ordeal.
And Nina Foch gives the sense of a strong woman as Julia.
Foch has an elegant manner.
Surely the single most fascinating element is the casting of Dame May Witty.
But here she is far from a heroine.
It seems that this famous and brilliant movie was made almost by accident.
Undoubtedly the director knew exactly what he was doing.
But he did it on a low budget.
She became one of the great acting teachers in Los Angeles.
Julia answers an ad for a secretary and is hired immediately by Mrs.
Hughes and her son Ralph.
Hughes and not allowed to leave.
The acting is very good.
Julia obtains the position and is hired by a Mrs.
Hughes and has some very strange desires for playing around with knives.
MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a mesmerizing 1945 B thriller from Joseph H.
And very modest resources.
Her predicament makes no sense.
Lewis took a big step toward cult status with this film and understandably so.
Just dark enough to be interesting and light enough to be enjoyed by everyone.
I have downloaded the entire soundtrack at one point or another.
This a real diamond in the rough and not to be missed.
Strongly recommended for all ages from 9 year olds to grannies.
Lovely period piece capturing 1962.
she loves to get the kids and her into silly and sometimes dangerous games.
It is just that good.
This show is just good clean television.
The comparisons to the HAUNTING are superficial.
This was that movie for me.
They just do not make spook films like this one anymore.
and a wickedly ironic ending.
Scared the hell out of me.
Everyone that has spent the night there previously has died.
Steele makes most any film worth seeing.
The story concerns a haunted castle.
The only flaw I see in the movie is the running time.
It almost feels padded.
There is a large portion of the first act where literally nothing happens.
Our hero stumbles around in the dark finding nothing of interest.
I found the movie genuinely creepy and at the same time sorrowful.
Babs Steele is undeniably beautiful.
The music score makes the atmosphere twice as terror inducing.
This film is quite suitable for a rainy day or evening.
the Night of the Dead.
It was the first on the bill.
The film is not without faults.
Clearly some effort was put into its restoration and deservedly so.
This movie does contradict the first.
I will not deny that.
That indecipherable quality tantalizes me into watching it again and again.
The problem with the movie is in its structure.
The compositions are stunning.
You should see it at least once.
See it for yourself to find out the rest of the story.
This film gets very high marks for creating a creepy atmosphere.
The scene where Dr.
I would not hesitate to recommend this film to horror movie lovers.
This begins a wager between Edgar Allen Poe and a journalist.
Overall this is pretty good and in gloomy black and white.
Barbara Steele definitely makes the movie too.
8 out of 10.
Her mere presence turns a creepy ghost story into something truly memorable.
Well executed old and very dark house horror.
Plus we have the delightful and enigmatic Barbara Steele.
The crypt sequence is really eerie and the tension is almost unbearable.
Then the other actors respond in English to what was being said.
The series is lovable because of these puns.
You will be laughing at their own view of heaven.
I would definitely suggest this one for younger children.
There is a totally different side to the Japanese animation.
Even the theme song alone is funny.
You will laugh until your sides hurt.
Another comment about this film made it sound lousy.
Davis was so young and fresh.
She had not yet found her own style that we had grown to expect.
My vote is see it and remember how young this type of film was.
The acting is indeed fine in most every respect.
Condensing the gigantic W.
Davis is intense to the point of scary.
But Ms Davis films of 1934 tell quite the opposite.
But even that is not all.
And it was the latter role that launched her among the greatest stars.
The story is simply too big to be told in mere 83 minutes.
Camera movements between the some scenes is also original and refreshing.
Which he just refuses to hear.
The movie may be great.
I do not make this claim lightly.
You just want to shake him.
Her Nora was the woman Philip should have stayed with.
Her Sally did not push her talent to the limits.
The film seems rather dated now in 2003.
It was startling for me to see how young Ms.
Davis looks in this move.
I felt slightly indifferent and detached about the movie after viewing it.
A classic that deserves it reputation.
It gave me the chills for some reason.
Leslie Howard was gorgeous.
He did a great job.
So I bought it.
It was impossible to take her character seriously.
In the other major role was Leslie Howard and he did it superbly.
He was a subtle and intelligent actor The supporting actors acquit themselves well.
And the ending is a real tearjerker.
Of Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema despite its superficial faults.
It also has to be viewed in perspective.
A fine example of his skillful direction is the scene set at Victoria Station.
Davis rose the stardom with her performance.
The motion picture will like to classic cinema buffs.
Thanks to her performance she brings this rather dull movie to life.
This movie is about sexual obsession.
Bette Davis plays Mildred.
This is a woman who men are drawn to.
Now the movie does not come out and say that but it is obvious.
He starts buying her things even pays for her apartment.
Meanwhile she is seeing other people and she makes no secrets of it.
He is constantly thinking about her.
His med school grades are even failing.
He is heart broken but he meets another woman.
They seem fine but it is obvious he is still dreaming of the Bimbo.
Mildred does comes back with a baby and unwed.
Finally Sally and her dad takes him in.
Not before another March of Time montage showing him going downhill.
Meanwhile he finds Mildred needs him again.
I wished she told him to stuff it.
But I feel Phillip was the bad guy.
But in any case he dogs those women waiting for Mildred.
Yes she was not a respectable woman but far from a villain.
Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one who is betrayed.
He is sensitive for several reasons.
And she finds him an easy meal ticket.
But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the film important.
Curiously her performance was not all of one note.
Every motion picture Bette Davis stars in is worth experiencing.
Few became great actors.
Her body was so curvy when she was young.
Several features of this film immediately date it.
It is probably construed to send you home with a smile on your face.
Watching her performance is still spellbinding.
She makes the viewer absolutely despise her and pity her at the same time.
I will not deny that.
So this movie was also good for my imagination.
And it is also got great emotional depth to it too.
I used to watch it at least once a week.
Now it is just too bad that they never made a soundtrack available.
Out on the streets with nowhere to go Philip is taken in by Mr.
Of the three remakes on W.
The film is dominated by Mildred from the start.
Bette Davis gives a fantastic portrayal of Mildred.
This was one of her best roles and she ran away with it.
Her disgust toward the kind Philip is clear from the onset of their relationship.
Leslie Howard underplayed Philip and makes him appear even weaker than he is.
All much in the style back then.
The choreography is awesome and the storyline is basic.
but this time around it is lighter and more comedic.
I saw this movie once on late night t.
and knew it was the best movie ever.
The progression of the main character is seamless.
Act One sets up the premise.
Act Two shows the protagonist wanting to get back at the mob.
Act Three is where the fight fest begins.
Than they work to together to save the Care Bears.
This is simply the epitome of what a made for TV movie should be.
The poorly written script.
It has it all.
Everyone involved in its creation deserves a medal.
all of 27 when she made this movie.
But this one is just plain crazy.
Life appears very good.
Both are great fun.
They start a dance school that is soon very successful.
You do not want to mess with her.
This is my favorite of the three care bears movies.
Once again I liked all the songs.
And of course I LOVED the songs.
My favorites being Growing Up and Forever Young.
The care bears movies have always had such good songs.
Ten stars for a very good movie.
The atmosphere is a fine mix of comic and eerie.
Lots of lovely swipes at Hollywood and the terrifying movie tot.
See it and love it.
But still this movie is highly entertaining.
The two stars and Curtis Harrington stylish direction easily overcomes its flaws.
A very strange and compelling movie.
One of the more memorable films I have seen in a long while.
Fantastic performances all around.
I saw it at the Silent Movie Theater here in LA.
My vote is seven.
I always sat down and watched the first one.
As I got older I learned to prefer this one.
I tend to annoy everyone by singing it.
It was really surprising.
I think it is a wonderful movie.
It leaves an effect on you.
Again this movie can teach everyone at all ages about morality.
Romantic comedies are tough movies.
The cast is talented.
And he never looks comfortable in these dopey roles.
But I still miss his work in independent films.
Perhaps the problem lies in the script more than anything else.
This was actually a fun movie.
Jason Lee is good in everything he does.
Selma Blair needs to eat something.
But she still looks beautiful.
Maybe that is one source of disappointment.
I got to say this is one of his good leading roles.
However I do believe his role in Vanilla Sky was better acted.
This movie is all right.
She chooses his clothes and his daily schedule.
And suddenly she turns up everywhere.
It is not only about saving his wedding.
it is about survival.
And he got nice support from beautiful ladies Julia Stiles and Selma Blair.
I enjoyed it very much.
I happened to watch this movie by chance some days ago while flipping channels.
My expectations were not very high but it was an interesting movie.
The movie contains the right mix of comedy and romance.
Definitely worth a watch.
I was worried that my daughter might get the wrong idea.
You can also feel their chemistry between them.
This made the already muddled mystery story even more difficult to keep track of.
The ending at the carnival reminds one of David Lynch almost.
The acting here is also very good.
well it becomes murder mystery of plotted devilment and much shenanigans.
He was and remains a unique force in film.
One can consider whether in an earlier age he would have been a painter.
This film certainly reinforces that impression.
I like the accent.
I love all of his movies and wish there were more.
I particularly love how other actors interacted with him on film.
Watch it and be grateful for the chance.
But I find the story excellent too.
This film is brilliant.
It alone is worth the cost of a rental.
Even the great Mr.
But the credit went to Stevenson.
For five years in Hollywood it was barely a great record.
So the marriage was going on the rocks as well.
It was a wise question.
Certainly it has a curious plot development.
She convinces him to hire Michael as the skipper of their yacht.
Glenn Anders was a leading Broadway performer.
Surely that must count for something.
Pure Orson Welles genius makes this one of the greatest of movies.
That scene alone is worth the price of admission.
No one should miss this picture.
Plenty of eye candy here.
Welles handles that combination of material skillfully as a director.
Welles blocks scenes with skill.
Instead he relies on externals such as accents and fake noses.
What a sad life for such a vibrant beauty.
That he presented himself as a rootless sailor is telling.
This movie is like shrimp in garlic and lemon.
Great camera works and lighting techniques.
He was playing by different rules.
He is also wonderful in a Touch Of Evil.
it is really ignorant.
His direction defines what great direction is.
Check out the courtroom scene.
Usually they are such stock scenes that I can not stand them.
Watch that juror who is always sneezing and interrupting the proceedings.
Or just take a look at the lighting in that scene.
But things do not go to plan.
One wonders why he hires Michael.
She was a brilliant actress when given the chance to show off her talent.
45 bullet through her head.
Several characters as suspects in the mystery.
Instead it was a matter of deliberate caprice by the gods for amusement.
The investment in environment beyond all.
The second Care Bears movie is immensely better than its predecessor.
Critics need to review what they class as a quality movie.
Gotten better with age so to speak.
So far this film is starting to sound a lot like Gilda.
One can only imagine the film Mr.
Everett Sloan and Glenn Anders made an excellent contribution to the movie.
They pop up all over.
I am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut.
Any or all of these items might have inspired the music.
There is no sound atmosphere on the boat.
A little wind and water is sorely missed.
At the start of the picnic sequence.
The Hawaiian guitar music which comes out of the radio.
was supposed to be corny enough to make a certain satirical point.
Nobody in the audience could possibly suspect that we are kidding.
The aquarium scene needs more echo.
The gun battle with the breaking mirrors must not be backed with music.
If you saw the original film you will notice a discrepancy.
The babies are adorable and it is fun watching them play and grow.
The songs are sweet and memorable.
I could not believe how freaking amazing this film was.
It is by far one of the best independent films I have ever seen.
I would recommend it to anyone who loves movies.
In addition the digital photography is the best of the lot so far.
I loved this movie from the opening sequence right through to the end.
I look forward to more offerings from this creative and talented director.
oh lord I hope he gets better and makes plenty of other movies.
the guy knows how to handle a sword and to pull an entertaining massacre.
he is the total package.
it is pretty amazing.
it is pretty straightforward.
Japan is in serious trouble.
My Rating 7 out of 10.
These are the basic premises.
The story begins with a festival in a local town.
From here the story gets interesting.
I was however mistaken in the best possible way.
It becomes a practically theatrical experience which takes your breath away.
Its a horror style play thats been filmed.
It is all in all a solidly great film.
I might just watch it again myself.
An ending which is guaranteed to keep you on the edge of your seat.
This is a nice piece of work.
Very sexy and engaging enough plot to keep my interest throughout.
and that was funny when she sprayed him in the eye in the store.
sometimes these movies make me mad when people act stupid and do stupid things.
but that is what i think an thought about the movie.
Many suspects in this one.
I have not seen any other movie quite like True Crime.
i mean it is exciting.
I would recommend it to other people.
It comes on Lifetime movie network quite a lot.
I really like her as an actress and person.
She seems so nice and down to earth.
Kevin just seems too sweet for me.
But I think he did okay.
just like she is in real life.
In fact everyone in the cast does a good job .
I reckon her characterization of MG has some mileage in it too.
I can only wonder what happened after such a promising start.
I think it is an entertaining story worth seeing.
While in space he contracted some bizarre and unknown disease.
Just gotta love it for what it is.
It starts off slow and you wonder if there is anything going to happen.
It chills you right to the bone.
Never the less a great ending that begs you to want to know more.
Loved it and well done and thanks for the ride.
never comprehending the race had LONG GONE BY.
but how come he.
The melting guy wanders around killing people.
A very special movie.
The character of Dr.
That sequence with the nurse is simply hilarious.
The climax is especially fun.
Hollywood needs to consider a charming remake of this movie.
My wife and I would go see it.
This movie has Tony Randall at his best.
Too bad Hollywood does not make movies like this anymore.
Most people will never have any use for these.
He sends Tony Randall to check out the situation.
They make a cute couple actually.
I think most would agree that from documentaries we expect enlightenment and authenticity.
eventually after about a week of looking i found it on atom films.
I started off fine.
at the end i pushed back my chair and stood up.
even after the fourth or fifth time its still unsettling.
But the film gets high marks for a fun script and decent acting.
Many critics have felt offended that R.
They are mutually related.
They are both good in different ways.
she was more believably sweet and sentimental.
This is the best Emma in existence in my opinion.
The 1996 movie with G.
Both versions are very good but I prefer this one.
i really loved this version of Emma the best.
the only complaint that i had was on Mr.
she was a smart girl in the end though.
I have lost count of the number of versions going around.
Mark Strong did a fabulous job.
Emma must show that she accepts this now.
She is a changed woman.
I will buy into it.
just as I would have imagined her.
I believe that when the UK does a Jane Austen its the best.
American versions of English literature are done for money and not for quality.
I was always borderline with the other Emma.
It seems put on.
Sorry but do not think Toni and Gwenneth did a brilliant job there.
It is definitely the version I will come back to from now on.
I also love the new scene at the end.
The setting and costumes were beautiful.
She is snobbish but has just enough youth and inexperience to be still likable.
A strange departure from the faithfulness otherwise shown throughout the film.
For me this production was and remains a delight.
The film also marks the beginning of the series featuring the Hardy family.
Lionel Barrymore plays Judge Hardy with conviction.
He is the glue that holds everything together.
This is a excellent start to the film career of Mickey Rooney.
His talents here shows that a long career is ahead for him.
The car and truck chase is exciting for the 1937 era.
This start of the Andy Hardy series is an American treasure in my book.
I think it would be a winner.
Her name is Fanny and she is interviewed here.
The film makers make the film more than just another documentary.
Recently more and more documentaries have been making it to cinemas.
But this one as to be amongst the best.
I used to borrow the books from the school library every chance I got.
Seven young people go to the forest looking for a bear.
Soon they are all stalked and viciously murdered by a crazy Vietnam veteran.
However if you are a fan of slasher movies give this rarity a look.
My brother and his girlfriend were extras in this movie.
So there must be something.
10 out of 10.
The forestry setting and particularly the camouflaged booby traps are joyously spectacular.
The film launches in the somewhat unfamiliar territory of a pistol duel.
All this talk about this being a bad movie is nonsense.
As a matter of fact this is the best movie I have ever seen.
I would not give criticism to any of the actors.
That movie is the best and it will always stay that way.
Full of profound emotions from every angle.
Irons deserved an award for his performance and Close was never better.
And this something was the most important part.
i would give each actor an Oscar.
i wish the movie received more awards.
the story was beautiful and sad at the same time.
He makes so many mistakes but gets a chance for redemption.
Many people here utterly dislike this movie.
I can not understand that one single bit.
This movie is an incredible piece of work.
Stellar performances all around.
This one had me weeping for about half an hour straight.
Spend some real time with this one.
Esteban is find enough.
The way the plot was constructed with the ending mirroring the beginning was great.
What is told is told fairly well.
The acting is excellent.
The film is based entirely on a pair of hapless lovers.
Beautifully filmed and acted.
Reveals an area of Paris which is alive and filled with comedy and tragedy.
This movie is dear to the French movies buffs for another very special reason.
What saves this plot is its connection with the story of M.
She does not appear to cause such a curiosity while talking.
Garbo was very good in American film and she is also very good here.
Even William Daniels cinematography seems improved over his filming of the Brown version.
This version of Anna Christie is in German.
Both were filmed back to back because Garbo had such a following in Germany.
Garbo herself supposedly favored her Anna Christie in this version over the English version.
this is a great movie.
then you see him chanting poems as he ran to escape the wolves.
So the main theme is the guy trying to save the beautiful ghost.
And I'm looking forward to watching the first sequel of this movie also.
If there is a movie to be called perfect then this is it.
Go find it somewhere.
This is one of the reasons people rave about Hong Kong cinema.
Entertainment at it is peak.
Just read the original story which is written by Pu in 18th century.
The result is pure beauty.
The film has some wonderful visuals and amazing fights.
I love especially the fight scene between Wu Ma and the tree demon tongue.
Not to repeat other reviews here.
The score is very good and moving.
Recommend everybody to see it.
The filmmakers have crafted a movie that appeals to every horror fan.
The story is engrossing and original.
The villains are appropriately menacing and frightening.
The sets are creepy and atmospheric.
This film easily fits into many different categories.
This film offers something for every film fan.
Her portrayal of the title character is truly haunting and memorable.
Wu Ma is hilarious as the cantankerous Taoist who aids the young lovers.
The direction is superb.
The cinematography is gorgeous.
Enough good things can not be said about this film.
Find a copy anywhere you can.
The art set decoration and other aesthetic facets are all mesmerizing.
More fantastically the movie had a total black humorous undertone in it.
The climax is like a mirror of Miranda Otto fighting with the Ring Witch.
I like the good and evil battle.
I liked Eddie in this movie better than any movie he has ever done.
He shows heart and a more humble humor.
A beautiful story that truly pays attention to details.
I saw this movie in my childhood.
My all times favorite movie.
I follow this movie.
The story about the power of love is pretty touching and warm.
A beautiful story that truly pays attention to details.
Some of the special effects may seem outdated compared to modern standards.
This minor flaw is easily ignored.
There is so much to discover in this story.
The romantic relation between the two main characters is so beautiful that it hurts.
The visuals are beautiful too.
This movie is incredible.
The final showdown is specially breathtaking and the music score is kinda cool.
Not for the smallest children though.
This one deserves a 10.
My pal Steve Parkhouse recorded it on VHS and sent it to me.
The crew of cinematographers have also done miracles.
This is a film where every shot is an expertly crafted painting.
From the opening song onwards the music becomes as important as the characters.
The score is a perfect mixture of modern and traditional instruments.
And we of course have the acting talent.
She is the epitome of ethereal beauty.
But later it is shown in all its crazy glory.
A true team effort that has given us a truly ground breaking movie.
that should tell you something.
I saw when I was a child and I have a good memory.
I think the end is very worth sticking around.
She targets him and decides he will do nicely.
He is all too eager to be eaten up by the young beauty.
Hysteria and fear take over from cool calculation and cunning.
It appears to be England.
Corny plot and in many cases terrible acting.
Yet the movie is so juicy and so suspenseful.
More faithful to the book than most movies of its era.
Joan Fontaine stars as the villain in this Victorian era film.
Marshall is quite good as Miles.
It takes an actress with extraordinary talent to pull that off.
I highly recommend this film.
I watched this film and then Jane Eyre right after.
she just keeps getting better.
My heart was racing.
Great old movie drama.
Just what i want from a classic movie.
Facial expressions are worth the whole film.
I'm glad i have it on video.
The costumes are very nice.
Whenever they try they just seem to make a cheesy movie.
Films in black and white still hold a certain mystery.
A strange role for Eddie Murphy to take at the height of his career.
The sets look phony.
So we have here a flawed but very interesting version.
The Sea is Watching was an interesting film experience.
It was obvious what we were to look at in each frame.
The physicality of the set itself contributed to that feeling of smallness and intensity.
Maybe we just miss the eye of the master.
To expect that might well be very silly.
This is a very fine and poetic story.
It goes deep into your feelings without becoming melodramatic.
This should help clear up some details which may be confusing to the unaware.
You will not be disappointed.
I recommend this film to all that love a epic period piece.
They are not accurate on this film.
Eddie Murphy really shines in his roll.
You can sit down with your whole family and everybody will enjoy it.
I recommend this movie to everybody to see.
It is a comedy with a touch of fantasy.
This movie takes you from L.
lowest of the low.
The movie deserves a higher rating.
It is a tale of survival of women in feudal Japan.
the strong ones while women were thought to be just mindless and weak property.
Each has a reason for turning to the life of geisha.
The sea is watching and will find protection for true love.
My boyfriend and I both enjoyed this film very much.
A tragically wonderful movie.
brings us to a Japan that does not exist anymore.
The characters are full of depth and act with much intensity.
I can understand those who dislike this movie cause of a lack of knowledge.
I did greatly enjoy the art direction and the acting.
The film was full of beautiful touches.
the courtroom scene itself.
with the couple copulating in the cage while the heroine pleads for their orgasm.
I have not seen this movie in 20 years.
but it made indelible pictures in my mind.
especially when you are 17 and have a constant hard on.
This movie was good for it is time.
This was one of her first movies and she was not bad.
I loved the the film.
Out with the old and in with the new.
She brings to mind a New Yorker cartoon of a few years ago.
They have to carry it and they do.
I found the film compelling.
She is realistic settings and atmospheres.
As usual it was inevitable the usual negative comments.
Before you read the review already knew what was the final judgment.
In the film a good gift because 10 is really well done.
then comes the noises and the loud pounding from the apartment upstairs at night.
And the sinister new neighbors soon become more than a little bothersome to Alice.
The flashback scenes are what really made it for me.
The ending I consider to be one of the finest in Horror history.
The Sentinel has the perfect build up of tension.
We are never fully comfortable whenever Allison is on screen.
It will give you the thrills and scares you need to be satisfied.
Well worth the look.
Time has not been kind to this movie.
This falls on her in atonement for her attempted suicide earlier in her life.
The cast was competent.
The damned souls at the end are portrayed by actual sideshow freaks and geeks.
Whoever thought to do that was a twisted but brilliant genius.
It remains a strangely compelling and entertaining dip into the realm of evil.
the Brooklyn Queens Expressway.
This happens to be one of my favorite horror films.
Burgess Meredith is delightful as the lovably insane neighbor.
There is almost no gore.
The direction is quite spartan.
but perhaps I have said too much already.
I highly recommend you not watch it alone.
Whoever was the casting director for this film deserves some sort of prize.
8 out of 10.
The end scene is repulsive and yet chilling.
Unfortunately there are no extras beyond a trailer that looks pretty worse for wear.
Alison Parker is a model with some fame.
Alison realizes that she is living in the gateway to hell.
Yesterday I saw this movie once more.
The creepy and lurid story frightens even in the present days.
The cast is a constellation of stars and starlets.
My vote is nine.
The first time you see The Second Renaissance it may look boring.
Look at it at least twice and definitely watch part 2.
It will change your view of the matrix.
and thus the populace has become lazy and derogatory towards them.
I would say it does a great job of that.
The plot is good.
Thus it holds clips from fictional news reports and the like.
Japan makes some of the best animation in the world.
Sadly most of these shorts are disappointing.
The Second Renaissance is made as a historical file.
It tells how humans made machines in their own likeness.
The machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world.
The governments of the world order to dismantle machines.
The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography.
Seeing themselves as the rightful masters of the machines.
He is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going.
But its a good watch.
Plus it needs to be seen with part two to be complete.
This is the perfect method to reveal the history.
It was a lot of fun working for and with R.
Harlin and wished I had a chance to do it again.
Or at least that is what you would have thought.
I give it 3.
A very entertaining horror film with some very nice touches indeed.
The film is not exactly original but the plot line is interesting.
We focus on a prison that has been reopened after a number of years.
It looks creepy as all empty and filled with prisoners.
We are given some character depth and several of the prisoners are interesting characters.
Chelsea Field is okay as the female lead.
But these scenes are visually creative and interesting.
The acting is uniformly decent.
The script actually much more cohesive than one usually gets from films like these.
It seems that the time for vengeance has finally arrived.
even though these are genuinely unsettling as well.
Lane Smith is deliciously wicked as the guilty warden.
This atmospheric and very moody film features lots of gruesome gore and violence.
I was amused throughout and laughed out loud plenty of times.
And made tonnes more money.
Time to end this review.
I love this movie like no other.
The movie captivates your attention for every second.
This movie really kicked some ass.
I watched it over and over and it never got boring.
This movie lived up to what I had hoped for.
Like I said its a hidden surprise.
It well written well acted and well cast.
I liked everything in this movie.
Look its Hollywood all right but the brighter side.
Well worth a look.
And it is a role he plays well.
Timothy Hutton plays a fine villain and Angelina Jolie pouts.
Drug addiction and a desire for the sultry Jolie mix a heady cocktail.
This film has a lot of raw potential.
In the end he just tries too hard.
Angelina Jolie was also really good.
I enjoyed this movie.
Very unfair to say the least.
By sheer accident he becomes a private doctor for criminal millionaire Raymond Blossom.
However the FBI take an interest in using Eugene to snare Blossom.
She puts in a solid performance.
Timothy Hutton playing Blossom is superb and immersed himself deeply into his character.
I love this film.
It is well written and acted and has good cinematography.
Great cast all together.
A must see for people bored with the same old action movie.
I gave it 8 stars.
For a first film in a proposed series it achieves the right balance.
I'm looking forward to the next film.
This is what I do with books that I like as well.
What I got was a movie not based on action or violence.
The director had focused on history and psychology.
almost boring and unreal.
The acting could have been improved too.
And please forgive me for my bad English.
For me they were totally credible.
When looking at it again I must say it is actually pretty OK.
The script and direction provide some gems.
The first point I like to make is that this is slightly wrongfully classified.
It is one of the greatest adventure comic strips of all time.
I enjoyed this film.
However this is acceptable just to get such a faithful version.
Positive surprised of this story about Modesty and her childhood.
So I may have overrate this movie just a little.
I have seen this movie and I must say I'm very impressed.
I fancy to see this again.
Action fused with a fantastic story.
The bad boy is pretty too.
The movie does not introduce Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald.
What this movie accomplishes is showing the strength of the character by herself.
The film does not come across as cheap.
I first saw this movie on television some years ago and frankly loved it.
Charles Dance makes one of the most terrifying villains anyone can imagine.
His sophistication is such a perfect contrast to the crudely good hero.
I loved it when I first saw it and I love it still.
I suspect it might not do that well in the USA in general distribution.
She has lots of closeups.
What we have here is a step or two better than that.
I just hope they do better on that if and when they make sequels.
I used to watch this show when I was a little girl.
I vaguely remember the theme song.
No such scenes are present or needed.
Short synopsis This film opens with soldiers being released from the company of men.
One of them pursues another with a weird scheme the other repeatedly refuses.
It is also very stylish.
The wardrobe is also very good.
Both do a considerable amount of acrobatics.
And it is certainly the man himself we hear.
He is the best brainy police inspector I know.
No such scenes are present or needed.
Michael Ritchie and Eddie Murphy fit the bill for this capacity just fine.
My advice to you is to buy the ticket and take the ride.
Losing Algiers was a bitter blow.
I definitely recommend reading the book prior to watching the film.
Having grown up in Melbourne I could really relate to this book and movie.
Those that rent the movie based on this description will only be disappointed.
This is what I like about it.
But the glamorous and sultry Ms.
For the first half of the movie the little girl grated on my nerves.
I do not think this is one of her best acting jobs.
The story is based on true events and that helps the movie.
It is a great movie.
i just saw this movie on TV.
i can feel the lost that the little girl Desi felt.
the feeling of wanting to see her father again.
wanting to talk to him.
or at least given the chance to say goodbye.
it just lets me feel that miracles do exist.
There is an intense scene or two in this.
I recommend this to fans of these types of movies.
The little girl Desi is so adorable.
I cant think of a more beautiful story then this one here.
Great cast and an overall great movie.
with a little help of it is friends.
It has a great cast.
My family and I have viewed this movie often over the years.
There are no downsides to this sweet human story.
What a lovely heart warming television movie.
Her mother is also very distressed .
only a miracle can alleviate their unhappiness.
The film is based on a true story which makes it so touching.
James Robson Glasgow Scotland U.
This is a great movie.
It is based on a true story.
I loved this movie.
This was one of the most popular with all our customers.
i can see why they have 3 nominations.
you can find mermaid at all blockbuster video stores.
This is the way a proper horror movie should be.
I think the reason it was so scary was because it was so realistic.
The spooky sounding score was perfect for setting a dark mood.
The special effects were very good.
I would love to see more horror movies like this one.
Other then that it had all the elements a good horror movie needs.
I will be adding it to my collection.
It will keep you completely off balance.
I screamed out loud two or three times during the show.
The sound was particularly great and the setting was really creepy beautiful.
For some reason that makes this even stranger for me.
but I will tell you something now.
They decide to move away and rent a cabin looking thing in the mountains.
to cut a long story short.
Dark Remains is a home run plain and simple.
The couple is not doing well.
the sign behaves like an object.
This movie was very good.
Allan was very good and I thought the cinematography was amazing.
It offers some genuine scares and plenty of tension.
The acting is fairly good and the cinematography is great.
7 out of 10.
it is just done well.
This is not a movie to watch while you are eating pizza.
something that is rather rare nowadays.
and most of them suck.
a few are watchable.
even fewer are actually good.
Dark Remains is one of the good ones.
I caught a screening of this film at the South Padre Island Film Festival.
the audience loved it.
the film looks fantastic.
the acting totally works for the film.
the story is good.
Well worth the rental.
I also enjoyed the projection of people on a back screen.
Same with the scene when Katharina finds her father dead in the bathtub.
you can only see the red water on the side.
The use of black comedy in this film was well done.
God Help us for what we have done.
I feel sorrow for the people affected.
They deserve justice and their homes back.
No one is above the law.
but makes no suggestion of how to help.
Instead they chose to effect the wholesale forcible removal of the native population.
This is a very good movie.
It always comes down to race.
This is an excellent movie.
Pay no attention to the racist.
I recommended everyone to go see this movie.
This is a very dramatic and suspenseful movie.
There are many plots and turns.
Strong performance of Sean Connery and Ed Harris.
Ed Harris was the real gem in the film.
not a bad place to start.
This is a great film and should be seen.
I really enjoyed it.
I like a good mystery.
and this one had me guessing up to the end.
Sean Connery did a good job.
Lars Von Trier is never backward in trying out new techniques.
Some of them are very original while others are best forgotten.
He depicts postwar Germany as a nightmarish train journey.
It is not a simple task as he quickly finds out.
His job is to attend to the needs of the passengers.
When the shoes are polished a chalk mark is made on the soles.
There are many allusions to the German fanaticism of adherence to such stupid details.
He returns to his cabin and makes a connection to a time clock.
Quite ridiculous in fact.
It could only happen in a dream.
The bomb scene described above really put me off.
Perhaps I'm a realist.
Keep your boots on for the strange turnaround at the end of the movie.
I really liked this film.
The surprising turn of plot at the end makes it interesting.
I gave it 7 of 10.
To fight against the death penalty is a just cause.
Everyone who is sane in Europe would think so.
In the USA everything is different.
But the film has a sequel.
Justice in the USA is entirely governed by the aim of vengeance.
Miscarriage of justice is just the same governed by vengeance.
He hides his shame and swears to get his vengeance.
Only God can take the life of a person away.
If vengeance is pushed aside there is no other justification for this death penalty.
I'm going to give a simple review for the normal moviegoers out there.
I thought the casting was perfect.
I was riveted throughout this movie.
If you like mystery thrillers then this definitely a movie you want to see.
To say that all is not what it seems is to put it mildly.
The cast uniformly turns in some good performances.
Of course the reverse is equally true.
I guess if Just Cause has a moral that would probably be it.
That the black police detective Lt.
Tanny Brown of the small community is corrupt and villainously mean.
Is unfettered from prison and eludes his horrific punishment.
Whom he immensely detests.
He just merely struck a bargain with fiendish psycho Sullivan.
To get loose so he could kill again for revenge.
Now Sullivan is executed to his death.
A good thriller that works.
Delivers both mystery and subterfuge.
How reluctant blacks are hazed by racist lawmen.
Sentenced to unfair penalties.
Underwood and Harris are over the top and invigorating as the malevolent psychos.
Ruby Dee is great as the tenacious grandmother.
The rest of the cast is wonderful as well.
This movie really is a mixed bag.
Maybe Sean Connery was miscast in his role.
His performance alone is already more than enough reason to watch this movie.
We feel horrified by what the officers do to the prisoner.
Things are not exactly what we thought they were.
Perhaps had they shown flashbacks or something.
I do not understand this type of criticism.
Books and films are different media.
This TV movie was charming.
I would never have guessed she was 40 when she made this film.
I also think it is about the best thing Reeves ever did.
I found this movie to be charming.
This is a period piece that I believe took place during the depression.
He sees the ad and he goes out to see her.
Everything went on so matter of fact.
They dance around the fact that they begin to really need each other.
Things start warming up until .
I will not spoil it by telling you what happens.
But the point of resolution is perfectly wonderful.
I love this film.
When the penny finally drops his face is a picture.
A bona fide low budget classic.
I have always treasured this film.
Which brings me to an introduction to the characters I liked best.
This film is as good as it is difficult to find.
Give this film a chance and listen to what it says.
because they HAVE been making the same car since 1986.
The film is five years old and rings more true every day.
I think it is a very good film.
This movie packs a lot of story into a very short time.
I found the music a real treat.
A total trashy treat.
com and some retail stores such as Best Buy.
The whole thing seemed rushed and kind of forced.
Preston Waters is off to a bad summer.
His father confines him to his room for the rest of the evening.
Now the three have to track Preston down.
He makes this person up named Mr.
Miguel Ferrer plays his role very good.
He does all sorts of wicked crazy things.
I mean how whacked out is this.
Walt Disney really outdid themselves this time.
The comedy is most of the times expected but the other times unexpected.
I mean was this movie OK or was this movie OK.
But also it sucks.
That kid is really lucky.
Back to the story.
The acting was good and bad.
The special effects on the other hand was lame.
I hated and loved it at the same time.
This is a good movie.
This movie was one of my favorites during my childhood.
This is an excellent little film about the loneliness of the single man.
They try various nightclubs and places but all to no avail.
One is enough for any man.
But ultimately it is a very beautiful and deeply moving film.
Yet it is extremely relevant to society and everybody.
This depressing movie is only suitable for an informed audience.
But these are failings of the movie but conscious choices.
Acting was very good.
Story had a unique and interesting arrangement.
The absence of violence and sex was refreshing.
Characters were very convincing and felt like you could understand their feelings.
This concert is just shear brilliance from start to finish.
Jack Bruce just great.
I do not agree with that.
I have no complaints.
The concert sounded very good.
Steven Ford was very likable.
More importantly Helen Hunt caught my eye.
Sure I liked Twister and As Good As It Gets.
I would now see myself as a huge fan.
This movie comes with high marks from.
My vote is nine.
Getting a job at the Mr.
Put back on undercover duty by her boss Capt.
I really wish it was on d.
Helen Hunt gave such a raw performance.
She played a rookie cop thrown into serial killer case perfectly.
When she falls apart because he kills another kid it was amazing.
It was a real thriller without being gory.
The acting performances were great and the script was equally great.
Gina was a complex character.
She was a rookie cop with the Riverside Police Dept.
The entire movie was spectacular.
This movie was a good example of doing a lot with little.
More TV movies ought to be made like this one.
This film really increased my respect for Hunt as an actress.
I ALWAYS watch it again.
NEVER turning the channel.
Reading the earlier comments persuaded me to give it a shot.
8 WHO'S STATISTICAL AVERAGE was 7.
3 It must be a sure hit.
I gave it a 9.
One of the better movies released.
Space Cobra himself is witty and likable.
Check out if you can.
This film is a great fun.
I recommend you watch it yourself and then watch it again with your friends.
But they all thanked me and loved the movie.
group where everyone trusts everyone else.
He was evil with a great laugh and a great smile on his face.
But I do not want to give anything away.
This should be a international classic for all time.
I believe all great movies eventually rise to the top.
Time will be very good to this film.
The director and editor were fantastic.
They deserved winning the best documentary.
He has been chided for calling himself one of the best working directors.
I tend to agree with him.
He simply is the Bergman or Fellini of our time.
It is too bad the critics are too intrigued with themselves to notice this.
I think that is the point.
He even laughs when a character is given a really silly and trite line.
Not a good choice for the little ones.
Beat a path to this important documentary that looks like an attractive feature.
On a single watching your sense of narrative becomes mired.
so I watched it twice.
At some point the filmmaker came to the same conclusion.
What a fascinating film.
But the twists and turns she takes the documentary maker through are amazing.
and then put back together again.
She refuses to return to Jordan and show us the facts.
The result is an incredible look inside the mind of a con artist.
The movie is neither unduly sympathetic nor dismissive of the natives.
Be there at ten.
EUROPA also gets accused of historical incorrectness.
It should not be that terribly hard to escape.
The screenplay is very original and the story is spoken in Tupi.
My vote is eight.
I love this movie very much i watched it over and over.
Maybe you have seen better or whatever it is i personally love it.
This film is a very good movie.
The way how the everybody portrayed their roles was great.
The story is nice.
She later becomes pregnant.
But shortly their is a problem.
Sadly they wont get the child.
She later becomes pregnant but she is not married to him.
The movie is very good.
The songs are melodious to listen.
The cinematography is excellent.
The cast makes the movie great to watch.
Worth the money and time.
which are required to make a movie hit.
Later when she too turns out thoughtful about her life she deserve proper attention.
But still then it is a doubt.
The cinematography was unfortunately bad.
There is no doubt she is more talented than her industry contemporaries.
She just should do more such roles.
But the plot has it is number of clichs.
There are some very little plot holes.
Otherwise the whole family sequence felt overdone in the beginning.
Over here he gave one of the best performances.
Its surprising how she can be just as convincing when she is innocent.
This role is one of the reasons why I rate her high.
The songs are pretty nice.
1 Punjabi came across boring though it had good dancing.
Otherwise the movie is definitely worth a watch.
The only information given was that it was a suspense thriller.
The main plot is to do with surrogacy and is well handled.
this kept from her and the rest of the family.
They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon.
Raj finds a girl.
She is a dancer and a prostitute.
Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees.
They go to Switzerland to do this so no one finds out.
They are happy again.
It was still excellent.
The songs of the film are great.
This film was Europa.
Required viewing if you admire Martin Scorsese and his work.
I wish everyone took a page from his love of movies.
People have no clue what ideas are being explored in their favorite movies.
He evaluate his stylistic sensibilities along with the directors of the sequences themselves.
This dictates the structure for the documentary.
I was enthralled through the whole thing and you will be too.
She also adopted Anne Shirley as her stage name.
Tom Brown was an excellent Gilbert Blythe.
Von Trier brilliantly paints his vision on screen.
Which transformed the basic genre from mildly amusing family drama to comedy.
A change that delighted audiences and that continues to frustrate reader purists.
Australian character actor O.
Never viewed this film and consider it a great Classic with great veteran actors.
This season was the one that was most about actual business skills.
Brent was just an embarrassment and obviously only there to create drama.
New York will always be the place for this.
The tasks were terrible and Trump also chose the wrong winner.
Never has anyone dominated a season like he did.
And they certainly do not reveal any hidden agendas.
The road to success is not easy.
The group is divided into two teams that compete against each other.
Others may involve selling at a retail outlet or on the street.
The tasks bring out the best and worst in the participants.
And sometimes more than one person gets fired.
No one should sacrifice their integrity for this.
I have seen losing teams sometimes appearing better organized than the winning team.
But the best part of the show is New York city.
But just like the amazing race this show is always best watched in moderation.
You enjoy seeing them get screwed although its totally wrong and sick.
The amount of tears also seems to be increasing by the season.
Watch with caution and maintain a conscience.
Those are your fellow human beings in the firing line.
The TV series was much better.
So thanks to this Puppet Master is going to be a big hit.
Then buy the poster and hang it on your wall.
The soundtrack is highly recommendable too.
This movie is brilliant.
This movie is an underground hit and brings comparisons to Absolutely Fabulous.
If you watch Party Girl you are bound to have a good time.
It is comforting to see a female slacker develop into a mature woman.
Repeated viewings are a must.
This movie is FUN.
I have always thought that she bears some resemblance facially to Katharine Hepburn.
I gave this movie an 8.
But it is incredibly charming and entertaining.
This movie is a great way for the series to finally end.
Personally I wish Puppet Master Vs.
And the movie was pretty good also.
but it all WORKS.
We should all be so lucky.
She is the whole picture.
The rest of the cast is good.
The public library vs.
academic library argument is a classic argument waged among librarians and library school students.
It also breaks many librarian stereotypes.
A French film Ester Williams would love.
Frogs sit on water lilies.
The frog and water lily have a parasitic relationship.
Physical beauty is a currency.
The French are long on paradoxes and short on consistency.
No wonder Francois is always sniffing after her.
This is of course a tricky topic.
Not that you should expect this to be a soft porn movie.
Let me give an example.
Adele is the girl the others envy.
She brags unashamedly about her expertise in fellatio.
Being less special Anne is more truly accessible to the boys.
He was excellent the most enjoyable part of the film.
I suggest you give it a go.
But it is watchable.
The strong individual characters provide the movie with some nice themes and good moments.
A good movie on its subject.
The film reverses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality.
I must confess that I do not quite understand this title.
It is no different for boys.
Much of the movie is water ballet.
This seems to be their first contact that is not just ordinary.
Soon they will walk together.
I took for granted that the couple slept with each other.
But we will later learn from the movie that they do less than that.
I can supply some information which few users will find elsewhere.
And Marie proceeds to eat the rest.
Marie says she can not do this.
But still later Marie says that she is indeed willing to do it.
There is no nudity in this scene.
This story is told at a slow pace and that works very well.
Everyone is completely believable.
7 out of 10 synchronous swimmers.
Three teenage girls in an incomplete triangular relation.
The base of the triangle is barely there.
She is deeply involved in the sport of synchronized swimming performing at competitive level.
Marie sees her during a competition at the local public swimming pool.
Marie is not phased out by that reputation.
Put a stress on reputation.
The first half is set up.
This one is no exception.
Here it is about ceilings and the dying.
See the film to learn more.
The director says that the use of synchronized swimming is purposeful.
The music is perfect and the acting is amazing.
The camera works beautifully also.
it is probably one of the best roles he ever had in a feature.
the musical score is very good.
the story DOESN'T make sense.
BUT THAT ONLY MAKES IT ALL THE MORE INTRIGUING.
He has never been a very interesting film actor.
The best part of this movie is the writing and the wit.
The use of Spanish gives it more authenticity.
I thought it was fun and interesting and worth a 7 at least.
Kirk beams down and finds the others reporting similarly bizarre happenings and encounters.
I watched SHORE LEAVE the other day.
Which makes me think.
MAYBE she was one of the teachers at the academy.
Yeoman Barrows seems to be filling in for Yeoman Rand.
Considering how much attention Dr.
Spock could do that.
Good comedy and mystery thriller at the same time.
As for me it is unacceptable.
and I have some idea.
I know that Lars likes to experiment.
only this way it is possible to make actors alive again.
The most important thing now is the story.
or even to see just the script.
I'm curious how the story ends.
bring an art house style film mainstream.
Jane Fonda was unable to hide her braininess enough to make her character believable.
The acting overall was above average compared to most slasher films.
But what is shown is decent enough to make Hollow Man an entertaining movie.
The first two acts are so good that the slasher final act disappoints.
HOLLOW MAN is one of the better horror films of the past decade.
Kevin Bacon proves again that he can handle any role that comes his way.
One of the most thrilling horror films ever.
The action is intense and the chills are true.
All of whom do an exceptional job.
But someone has to be the subject.
The second half is exciting and appealing to most action and horror fans.
Think of DEEP BLUE SEA.
Then change the sharks into an crazy invisible man.
And then change the water into fire and explosions.
A rehashing of a killer shark movie.
Most of the first tries ended up unstable.
So he ends up being one mad invisible killer.
I would care less about the ones who did you wrong.
Hollow Man starts as brilliant but flawed scientist Dr.
The script by Andrew W.
This is a great fun nasty movie.
Now his mission is to make them visible again.
There are scares and chills and the movie moves at a nice pace.
Normally I do not like series at all.
Greetings again from the darkness.
But their nighttime battle against the lions is thrilling.
Some of the underwater shots are breathless.
The most amazing scenery for me was the breathtaking views of the Himalayas.
I had never seen such detail of the vastness of the range.
Walt Disney Studios has had a monopoly on the animated circuit for decades now.
These real things make a real movie experience.
There have been a few other nature documentaries that also excelled in these categories.
Three production companies were required to make this amazing documentary film.
There are many stunningly beautiful shots in this documentary.
This film should be required viewing in all schools throughout the world.
Without hesitating a 10 out of 10.
EARTH is a must see for children and adults.
My son had great fun watching all these funny birds and ice bears.
There are some animals in danger to disappear.
Exactly that problem should prevent all the authorities of our planet.
This documentary offers many exceptional pictures that I have never seen before.
Then it is well accompanied by a heavenly music.
The director did a great job here that gets high respect.
Nothing can stop me and my family to give EARTH the highest rate.
I hope so much that the stuff will create a sequel.
This movie taught me that we are not only living on the earth.
There is almost no plot in this film.
There was also almost no science in the film at all.
So much for science.
What we saw was pristine.
These are as much Earth as anything else.
We are predators ourselves.
On to the presentation itself.
That repeated about three times.
Much more is revealed and the ending just leaves you begging for more.
This documentary makes you travel all around the globe.
It contains rare and stunning sequels from the wilderness.
It shows you how diversified and how fragile our planet can be.
This documentary is however a simplistic approach of such a serious environmental issue.
It can nonetheless be easily seen by young children since it mainly remains descriptive.
In any case he has a nice enough and calm voice for it.
No blood is shed.
It was the first time I ever cried in a nature film.
The best thing you can do on earth is not miss Earth.
Rather annoying that reviewers keep comparing this to Planet Earth.
But that is not comparing like with like.
All reviewers agree on that.
But as works of art they are not in competition here people.
The Earth is big enough for both.
The camera techniques are varied and spot on from close ups to aerial work.
Eventually it all gets a bit bitty and disjointed.
I loved the way EARTH is made.
Nature simply seems too impressive to comprehend.
This is simply the most astonishing movie you will ever see.
Sometimes both at the same time.
This movie should be shown obligatory in schools.
Kept my attention from start to finish.
Great performances added to this tremendous film.
But it turns out that nothing that he does will really have any effect.
Certainly one that I encourage you to see.
CITY HALL is a somewhat mixed bag.
This series do not seem to be quite as serious as the first one.
This story involves a lot more comedy that the previous.
The actors are the same with some addition to the regular cast.
They are all very good.
Much of the good qualities from the first series are kept intact.
The cinematography is one of those qualities.
Be prepare to see better effect in this sequel that in the first.
Also be prepared to see some more.
All over I would say effects are from OK to good.
The music is also quite good.
Some of it are really touching.
It fits really nice.
All together this makes a good sequel.
It has many of the same qualities as the first series.
These two makes up a series you do not wanna miss.
Here the story became implausible.
As New York Mayor John Pappas in City Hall.
And the power behind power.
or rather who else.
There is just something brilliant about his entire demeanor.
Maybe he was having an off film.
Martin Landau makes a decent cameo as Judge under scrutiny Walter Stern.
A decent movie but unfortunately potential loss.
The film concerns a classic theme.
That is not typical of New York.
That is true in any mayoral office.
Santos and Tito ending up getting shot and killed by each other.
Much is made by everyone of bureaucratic knowledge passed down through the generations.
His advisers tell him he will not be wanted there.
And this is a political thriller as good as they get.
There are no good guys and no bad guys.
There are bad people.
But they come across effectively without crossing the line.
A film like this restores my jaded faith in Hollywood.
I do not award many tens.
It requires actual mental participation on the part of the viewer.
What a nice change.
I WILL say that City Hall requires a whole lot more concentration.
It just so happens to open in New York.
He may come off as annoying if you can not stand this dialect.
Bridget Fonda was good but not memorable.
This was one of the few problems with the film.
but he is very diverse and pretty eccentric.
Both qualities show in this.
The characters are developed further.
and still handing in such a strong performance.
But this does have shortcomings.
the ones the first part had and more.
from which he could see his beloved Sweden.
With an angle from inside the bowl.
I have seen this movie about 6 times now.
Its like watching a train wreck being set in motion.
The story mushrooms and at the end it is reached inside City Hall itself.
But City Hall does not do neither of the above mentioned.
As far as characters go I would say this movie is a solid average.
And there is good acting here.
Documentaries of this kind are often very opinionated.
This film however was mesmerizing.
I wish everyone could see it.
Outstanding and highly recommended.
Need to see more documentaries like this.
Kudos to all of those involved in the making of this film.
10 per hour to do so.
It is simply amazing.
company that imports and sells the beads.
I mean a total discourse on the film viewing experience.
You may wonder how the Marx Brothers come into play.
For the theater goer it is irrelevant.
This is the most fundamental idea of Critical Theory.
I really enjoyed the energetic tone of the narration and the effort of Mr.
And the film list is long.
but these I suspect are baits.
I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Which is not to say that his theories are not provocative.
He stands in front of us and calls himself a pervert.
I guess I will have to research it and let ya know.
Of course the states could have been changed to protect the innocent.
But then a mysterious admirer sets her eyes on Jim.
She constantly harasses Jim through phone calls and letters.
There is a twist at the end.
Trashy but everyone likes trash.
The best film about marriage and family.
The screenplay is wonderful.
This film was a relative blockbuster by domestic Italian standards.
Hope this comment works for you.
The movie it did worked well for me.
I hope it gets distributed as it should.
Congratulations on the cast and director.
Overall the film is OK.
There are a few scenes that makes me touched.
I can say that his acting is almost natural.
I love the song.
I just downloaded the song.
And salute to Yasmin.
We can see how Yasmin really appreciated her parents in an unique way.
The different character was portrayed with eagerness and mild humor.
Its not just about entertainment.
Not even to make out in the cinema.
Rest of the cast do fine.
And these things do not happen in the open.
TB was real too.
At that time my island was not the holiday resort it has become.
After the war there were times of hardship.
Now people strain just to think of new ideas.
For true fans of classic horror.
This is for you.
But it is a terrific movie for as old as it is.
The atmosphere here is what sets it apart.
Those really lower this one a bit.
Strong performances from a stellar cast.
Some haunting moments and images.
The low budget really shows at times.
Watch this one with the lights off.
The first segment is a great kickoff to the film.
The private teacher and nanny Mrs.
This best segment maintains a very creepy atmosphere and a genuinely scary plot.
All four segments have a delightfully macabre sense of humor and a great atmosphere.
Plot contrivance similar to PREMATURE BURIAL.
This segment also lacks the solidity of the first two.
Death and the maiden.
The unifying theme that connects each story is the house itself.
The fourth segment was the silliest and was meant to parody the genre.
Highly recommended to fans of omnibus fright fare.
You will probably be back many more times to watch your favorites.
This movie is another horror anthology.
It has four stories all somewhat connected by a house.
The first tale is about a writer and his wife moving in.
The third story starts out rather good and features Christopher Lee.
It drags a bit leading to a very predictable conclusion.
The actor really gets what he paid for.
I think they needed a bit more back story for that one.
All in all though it was an interesting set of stories.
I will not spoil it for you.
Story three stars one of my very favorites.
Well come to find out.
This episode is striking for its simplicity and stark terror.
The final images presented to us in this story are pretty shocking.
My feelings for them today are just as strong.
I spent many years trying to track down this movie.
The linking story later sees him visiting the estate agent who sold the house.
Lee gives one his perfect ice cold performances here.
He shows no love or attention for his daughter at all.
He even brings in a school governess to educate her.
So he decides to buy an authentic cloak for his latest vampire role.
It truly is hilarious.
The linking story finishes with a loose connection to the final story.
The rest you will be able to work out for yourself.
The movie focuses on a house that strangely accommodates whomever lives there.
You read that right.
A very cool movie.
Film is designed to affect the audience and this film left me speechless.
The story is sweeping.
Supporting players are excellently cast and lend a real sense of authenticity.
I absolutely love the photography.
Some spooky moments and the twist at the end was good.
A very good and unusual movie score too.
All in all a good little horror anthology well worth seeking out.
Horror omnibus films were popular in the seventies.
This story stars the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotective father.
The beauty of this story comes from the way it is played out.
Go in expecting quality entertainment and you will not be disappointed.
George Bernard Shaw is my favorite playwright.
That is how this picture is to be enjoyed.
The innocent have always had to suffer for the ambitions of the mighty.
John Gielgud performed outstandingly.
He is the English politico who is orchestrating the show.
knowing such an action guarantees immortality.
This is one of his very best and most effective films.
Preminger does none of this.
Its hard to imagine her really carrying out anything as gruesome as an autopsy.
Diagnosis Murder is one of the only programs i watch regularly on TV now.
People are expected to suffer.
This is one of those movies.
And a great movie it is.
Mark Sloan a Doctor at Community General Hospital in L.
A who is also a Police consultant for the L.
Along for the ride is Dr.
Jack Stewart was replaced by the younger Dr.
I remember the early days.
So just for suggesting it I was awarded.
Dick had a terrific sense of modernism when he built that house.
Now it is gone TV is a worse place.
The movie takes place in a little Swedish town where everybody knows each other.
I saw this at the Mill Valley Film Festival.
Hard to believe this is Ms.
I really hope this gets distribution in the USA.
Later we meet three of these children again as adults at a sanatorium.
Here we see what life has wrought on each of them.
One is a reclusive sexually repressed patient.
Another man is a hustler who has become ill.
This film is an allegory about the effect of violence on the psyche.
The acting is excellent and the script is quite well written.
There is a musical score that provides an undercurrent of dread throughout this film.
This is an incredible film.
I can not remember the last time I saw a Swedish movie this layered.
Or at least do not realize how close they are.
The writing is also very appealing.
I can not wait for her next one.
Would appreciate any help anyone can give me on this.
Thanks very much in advance for your assistance.
I still have the tape and enjoy watching it again from time to time.
Suzy Kendall will hold your interest throughout.
Has not been shown on American TV for a decade.
One scene that has always stayed with me is the German cavalry gas attack.
You will find others.
Hope they soon put it on tape.
There must be some commercial or copyright reason why this movie is not available.
I too recall the poison gas attack and the weirdly garbed horses.
And I think I have to try to catch more movies with Suzy Kendall.
We first meet three boys that are playing happily.
Not everything is what it seems.
He seems to be suffering from tuberculosis.
Their relationship will have devastating consequences.
You will not be disappointed.
I saw this film by chance on the small box.
It has a fantastic and chilling scene about poisonous gas.
A lot about fanatical patriotism.
A bit of eroticism.
The Germans move forward slowly menacingly in their scary looking garb.
Suddenly a scream from the defenders.
This gas is like no other that they have experienced before.
I only wish I had taped the film.
This is for many reasons.
The music is probably what makes this episode work so well.
That made me cringe.
7 Out of 10.
In Spanish with English subtitles.
Nine stars should give it enough credit.
I really enjoyed this episode.
This is the thrill i got from watching this episode.
It sort of lost its touch when the show started focusing on Lana.
This episode is incredible.
I loved this episode.
Chloe is mysteriously saved from Dr.
My vote is ten.
Joining Sanders in the cast are Wendy Barrie and Jonathan Hale.
Not a bad Saint movie.
Shortly after he tries to protect her from the police.
There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery.
It will entertain you even if it does not remain in your memory.
These shows include Mr.
That would be great.
There should be more episodes made about Human Kimberly.
He is on some places to uncooked to be good to see.
But thats is in German films always so.
Thats difficult to understand.
Thats not clear for the other girl Nina in this film.
But Nina lost everything.
She will play with soft emotion and a sad feeling.
Thats so often the way it goes in German films.
This films tries not on every place to gave her a part inside.
But the film stand always in some distance to seem.
There is no much explaining of them.
The two girls got to a casting.
And there they should say how they find together.
In this scene Toni will lying on.
And then Nina will say the truth.
She said it in an introversion way.
There is no exhibition in it.
She looks to the bottom and said what will happened for here.
Thats a great moment.
And the humor is all done in some style of Earthworm Jim.
which i think has absolutely failed.
the scenes in the back really got to my heart.
she is one of the most impressing actress i have ever seen.
in future i will watch more of her movies.
This was a wonderful film.
How these women tried to save their husbands.
I thought that the performances of the actors were great.
I had to think about the film for a very long time.
I wish I could be so strong as a woman.
We should remember something like the war forever.
But rank and privilege merit no special consideration.
Fortunately the eight year old daughter Ruth escapes capture.
Of course the family in New York could be speaking German.
So that criticism is unwarranted.
To say more would spoil the experience.
Most disappointing is the end.
Goebbels motivation in backing down was not explored.
This is referred to in the film.
I understand the majority survived the war.
The details are given in an addendum that follows this review.
Hannah easily persuades the woman to tell her story.
It all seems rather too pat.
The story of the protest is told simply.
It is too long.
You keep waiting for some vicious attack to begin any minute.
The somberness of the film stayed with me afterward.
But they were mistaken.
The women won an astonishing victory over the forces of destruction.
That it works so well is a tribute to Ms.
It is tragic that the example did not catch on.
Those days were simply not discussed.
The roundup is shown here in all its frightening intensity.
The young Lena tries to locate her husband.
Through increasingly angry protestations the women finally prevail.
The main actors are uniformly impressive.
But that is understandable.
Unfortunately that argument is nonsense.
I wanna see the season 4 episodes badly.
I am happy about every information I can get.
I love this show.
Holly goes to live with Val when their dad is transferred to Japan.
This film is not about the obvious.
I just recently started watching the show and have fell in love.
All the characters in the show give something to the whole story line.
I really enjoy it.
But that is what made the show so great.
The show is about two sisters living together.
And the show is also about friendship.
The priorities in life.
I loved this show so much.
It is funny and the actors are so good.
I am really sad that the show is over.
Jenny Garth may be new to comedy but she plays really well.
She is one of the actresses i like watching.
Gary is a natural talent and makes you laugh each time he shows up.
With Tina Holly found a real friend and i really like them hanging out.
Lauren character is so funny and she is a natural talent.
I would like to see her more.
This show really takes you in and makes you laugh.
A family film in every sense and one that deserves the praise it received.
8 out of 10.
The film is great on many levels.
4 out of 10.
This was just another marvelous film of the Berlin Festival.
There is no Marie in this world to accompany our lonely lives.
Both characters are smart.
I assume no one took the time to rethink the script.
This is not a bad film.
It has a few funny moments.
It is quite a simple not very active but very charming film.
The casting alone makes it a nearly perfect movie.
The casting alone makes it a nearly perfect movie.
I'm glad Cher won an Oscar for that movie.
I miss these scenes.
It also beautifully involves older characters.
Cage and Cher do very nice work.
Loretta confronts Ronny and quickly falls in love with him.
I really liked it the second time.
I loved it the third time.
Now it is one of my all time favorites.
The humor is subtle but really good.
The film offers a lot of warmth humor.
the story takes place in a old school Italian neighborhood in NYC.
The old man character is fantastic.
He lights up the screen without saying a word.
The scene with his dogs howling at the moon was fantastic.
Exceptional direction and wrap up.
Creative story line with a very talented cast.
Is infidelity by men a way of avoiding thoughts of death.
There are lovely little moments in the film too.
Her hearing the argument in the liquor shop and it is resolution.
It is the sweetest moment of the entire film.
It is close to a flawless film.
Yet nothing seems done with this potential rivalry.
This film stands head and shoulders above the vast majority of cinematic romantic comedies.
This movie is still an all time favorite.
She is one of the most unique artists out there.
I never get tired of watching this movie.
She was more conventional than her own mom.
She would probably end up making an awesome mom too.
There is nothing not to like about Moonstruck.
they were all fantastic.
New York has never looked so good on the screen.
Of course they fall instantly for each other.
She won and really deserved the Oscar that year.
This movie is brilliant in every way.
This silly movie is really fun for the younger audiences.
everything adolescents go for.
Definite cult classic potential.
Disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well.
50 years from now.
and even vilified by future viewers.
Bing Crosby reportedly hated it when he was used on more than one occasion.
This is bar none the most hilarious movie I have ever seen.
I own 2 copies of this movie on video.
Some really Funny Funny stuff.
The Actors and Music rocked.
The humor in the film itself is pure MAD magazine.
I do not see why MAD stand behind this feature.
I own the soundtrack and I play it constantly to this day.
This movie has it all.
I put in the top 15 funniest movies.
Great soundtrack keeps the film moving.
I remember NOT seeing the Alfred E.
Surely there are many worse movies to be associated with.
It does get better with every viewing.
I agree with all of the positive reviews here.
I found myself doing commentary as I watched it.
Someone on here said Rip Torn was miscast.
Also a star is the stark Montana prairie.
It is both beautiful and brutal country in which to settle.
There are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary.
Reality is slaughtering pigs and other livestock in order to survive.
It was also nice to see the west inhabited by real people.
I saw this 25 years ago on PBS.
It was very difficult to watch.
To watch this small family struggle in the winter was heart rending.
Both were widowed and together they worked to build a new home.
That only makes the tragedy extra sad.
I was crying so hard.
But then they went out and successfully pulled out a new calf.
Torn and Ms Farrel do an outstanding job.
Great unheard of movie.
It was done when Ms.
Farrel was very young.
Torn as always is a great presence and just his breathing has great feeling.
I must see movie.
None of them came as close to telling the story as this movie does.
This western is done in a different manner than most others.
Realism is the key here.
How this is presented makes for a most interesting slice of Americana.
Outstanding acting by both principal actors.
you feel like you are there.
Animal activists should beware.
many scenes are obviously not just realistic.
This is one of the best films ever made.
The film keeps your interest without the added Hollywood myths.
This film is worth your time to see.
It improves with age.
No one declaims any Hollywood movie speeches.
The actors really inhabit their roles.
The film is based on the lives of real people.
She advertises for a position as housekeeper.
The three characters go for long periods without seeing another human soul.
Their son is still an infant when he gets sick and dies.
They lose half their livestock to the vicious winter.
Clyde calls Elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf.
He and Elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal.
This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness.
Probably enough to hurt your stomach.
Take the time and check this out.
Well worth a two hour viewing.
I watched the presentation of this on PBS in the U.
Today I found this web site.
I will give up the search.
I would however disagree with the above comment.
This whole storyline is cloth.
The changes in Set similarly damage the integrity of the story.
Spoken in Spanish with English subtitles.
The film features sumptuous costuming and sets and a good cast and acting.
A good film for those interested in renaissance painting or period films.
Though not really an art house film.
It does provide a little emotionally charged scenes from time to time.
I have two complaints.
The voice you hear whispering from time to time is not explained.
That led to a conclusion that differs from the record.
Seldom have I seen a movie that so compelled my eyes.
So I set out exploring her life and work afterwards.
Overall i thought this film was fantastic.
Highly recommended to those who has not seen one in a while.
The camera work is principally indoors for that is where the artists mainly worked.
There are some great shots.
Her father is outraged.
This romantic drama has a fairly simple story with an unsatisfactory ending.
The outstanding feature of the film is its artistic presentation and attention to detail.
The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending.
that this film was never made to be historically accurate.
She is a gorgeous creature who awakened passion in men.
The music by Krishna Levy serves well what we see.
It had one or more famous celebrities in the middle of it.
It was number 52 on The 100 Greatest Funny Moments.
George Hilton portrays Peter Lynch.
a dangerous turn of events.
It has both the English and Italian language options which is a real bonus.
This applies to both the movie and the documentary in the extras.
The film works on many different levels.
Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely ravishing in the female lead.
Gable and Crawford made a great team.
The less you know about the story the better to make it work.
He was a brave man.
The plot has a very clever twist that has be seen to be enjoyed.
This is a movie with heart and excellent acting by all.
Make some popcorn and have a great evening.
This movie is just plain silly.
This movie is funny and suitable for any age.
Anderson playing the very young Halloween carnivorous duck has just great lines.
But subtle and enjoyable it is.
The movie kept me laughing despite having seen a few times.
The special effects are surprisingly good for this film.
I had to write this review.
Do not dismiss this film as trash.
This is cult stuff.
My friends and I get together once a year to enjoy this movie.
Its very funny and very dry .
A great play on War of the Worlds.
She had never attempted a role like that before and critics were impressed.
This film starts out with a spectacular house boat party.
Rodney also surprises her with the news that he also has a job.
This is a super film with Crawford and Gable giving it their all.
i loved this movie.
you have to respect midgets that dressed up like tiny Martians.
i used to watch this over and over again when i was 8.
If you have trouble dreaming you may give this movie a low rating.
The point is to suspend reality and just have FUN.
And this movie has Fun aplenty.
Wish I had one when I was growing up.
I do not know how anyone could hate this movie.
It is so funny.
It took a unique mind to come up with this storyline.
These aliens are so stupid and confused.
You need to rent it at least once.
This movie is not for everyone.
I recommend this movie for those who can appreciate spoofs and parodies.
Everyone I have recommended this film to has enjoyed it.
The audience laughed its heads off.
Ariana Richards and J.
Anderson are great as the lead kids.
Take a look at the Martian costumes next time.
Fun for the whole family.
Great to see him playing something different.
Each episode was a new short story.
I would suggest watching the series if it is available.
So it has to get draggy.
Even the nasal singing sensations songs could not make up.
But personally I feel this is a pathetic copy.
Rest star cast was simply okay.
The ending of the movie is very different from most movies.
It is not clear if she has similar feelings for him or not.
Watch the movie for complete details.
I look forward to seeing more movies from him.
A must see I will rate it 8.
The way Delhi is shown is very good and gives a fresh feeling.
Other actors did their job well.
5 stars out of 5.
Griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two ways.
First is his use of space.
The Sealed Room contains a good example of what I mean.
This early Biograph short was so much fun to watch.
The second on disc one of D.
The best moment comes at the end.
Johnson as the Count.
I give this movie a well deserved ten.
Not even Sir Alec.
The Wooden Horse is one of the quietest films I have ever watched.
It is utterly of its time and works beautifully.
They keep emotion out of their roles.
This unemotional approach does not detract from any dramatic tension.
I saw this movie on Comedy Central a few times.
This movie was pretty good.
can get an army base there to balance power in the Middle East.
It gave me great political spirit.
Ten out of ten was my rating for this movie.
It is truly a slice of life.
Photographic stills resemble Rembrandt prints.
Sometimes subtle dialog and hidden literate touches found throughout.
I just saw this movie for the first time ever and I liked it.
Her dancing was very entertaining.
The scenery was great too.
Yvonne is such a talented woman and beautiful.
I am slowly purchasing all her movies and watching them as I receive them.
I have a large collection of her memorabilia.
She did escape to the American west.
To hate this movie is to hate freedom itself.
His triumph is an inspiration to all.
I love old Burt Reynolds movies.
They are funnier and better than every other movie combined.
This is a hilarious film.
You can see many race cars from 1983.
This is sort of a Mr.
It made me laugh and made me mad at the same time.
And the speech she made at the end.
Too bad not many people have guts like that in real life.
This is a dramatic film in the whole sense of the word.
Sure it has some extremes.
but every now and then real life sorrow surpasses art.
But after watching this I felt astonished.
The movies is great without a big try.
The problem is that he is not one of these people.
It is disarmingly friendly and lively.
It refreshes the mind.
This serial is unjustly bashed.
This movie was one of the best movies that I have seen this year.
It actually has a point.
From the very beginning I was so excited to see this movie.
The poster is possibly the funniest I have ever seen for a movie.
I immediately bought one for my dorm this September.
Every element came together in this movie so beautifully.
This is what makes a movie easy to remember fondly.
And they are funny.
She charms the national press with her zany remarks and her sweet looks.
She even grabs the romantic attention of a State department official.
Sunny learns her way around the jungle of the U.
I was very pleasantly surprised with this film.
One of the biggest surprises and one of the best comedies of the year.
To put him out of his misery and get him laid.
This is a sex comedy and it wants to be bad.
For the most part I think it succeeded.
This man has talent it The 40 Year Old Virgin proves that.
The comedic parts were great to see from actors not very big or popular.
As you can see people do like this movie it is currently rated 7.
i think it should be in 250.
see it if you want a laugh.
This movie is a riot.
But this one is wall to wall great lines.
Other than that it is a constant barrage of one liners and goofy situations.
You have to see it two or three times to get it all in.
All the characters are great.
No victims in this movie.
Catherine Keener plays her and she is a sweetheart in this film.
You just wish that women like her really existed.
They do not give away all the good jokes.
Just some of the mediocre ones.
Oh and one more thing.
I hope critics put this on their top ten list.
We care about him.
His neurotic traits combine the best of Woody Allen with childish naivety.
His friends are not unlikable jerks and his romance is tumultuous and bittersweet.
It strikes a chord with the audience.
I was really surprised with this movie.
I dare you to see this film and to not laugh.
The plot is simple.
A man is forty years old and he is a virgin.
Watch one of the brightest ones of the summer right now.
My mom would have walked out during the first scene.
I'm not a big fan of excessive profanity and sex jokes.
But that is me.
Be that your guide.
this is one of the funnier films i have seen.
but the simple truth was that he wanted to be in love first.
Both have some sort of formula to the stories as well.
This is one of the funniest films of the year.
What a great surprise.
I laughed so hard I cried at some of the jokes.
My girlfriend and I both loved it.
Everyone pulls their weight and the chemistry is perfect.
I would highly recommend.
I had tears in my eyes from laughter throughout a lot of the movie.
He proves in this movie his tremendous talent for comedy.
And Catherine Keener is excellent as always.
There were parts of comedic genius in this movie.
Just came out of a sneak preview for this film.
It had me laughing every 30 secs.
Paul Rudd is hilarious as always.
Leslie Mann also had some incredibly funny moments.
I highly recommend it for those who just want to laugh like a maniac.
It would make for some incredibly awkward moments.
This movie was okay.
These two should have had a lot more time on screen together.
They are chemistry was great.
A class act but underrated and forgotten.
This is a crying shame.
Most notable were the unforgettable titles.
A fond memory from my childhood.
I often wonder why this series was slammed so much.
I thought it was brilliant and also very cleverly written and performed.
If it is ever issued I will certainly buy it.
In a final note it is obvious that this production was no small feat.
This is the art of film at its best.
Astounding color and fast energy.
I hope they make a sequel.
That would be fun.
My only problem with it is the performance of Melissa Connor as Anya.
I do not what the director was thinking when he cast her.
Sure it skims over political issues.
I tend to differ on this point.
She has always made me laugh cheerfully and innocently.
She has never tried to be anything else but who she is.
If it even comes that late.
I was shocked by the fight sequences they were great.
This was true brilliance.
I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
here comes the Romeo Division to change the paradigm.
Let me just say that I was BLOWN AWAY by this short film.
I have watched this movie three times.
Perhaps the plot is not intended to hang together logically.
I must have missed something significant here.
She always had a falling out with her men and she rejected them.
This pattern held with Harris and two husbands.
None of this communication appeared on the film.
I kept wondering about the house Ann was living in during her final days.
The seaside mansion was just so heartbreakingly beautiful.
Claire Danes was luminous as the young Ann Grant.
She is really quite a talented singer.
Judge this film on your own.
Evening is an entertaining movie with quite some depth.
All the actors and actresses turn in spectacular performances.
One can relate to personalities and situations in ones own family.
This is one of the few movies that inspires one to read the book.
I will definitely obtain a copy of the Susan Minot book and read it.
Any car buff will enjoy the apparently expertly restored period automobiles.
See it you will enjoy it.
Ann Grant Lord is dying.
Her two daughters arrive to be at her bedside.
Her performance is not easily forgettable.
She is very good.
His performance is superior.
I can not recommend Evening too much.
Here are some remarks.
Vanessa Redgrave is great even while lying in bed.
I think her aging got a bit harsh in recent years.
Claire Danes continues her welcome return to the movies and exudes a definite warmth.
Their interplay is weak.
Toni Collette additionally is way too old for her character.
The cinematography is excellent as expected.
However the main summer house set failed to convince me.
A bit too cardboard like.
It is a vehicle to show that there are no mistakes in life.
The story itself is nicely told and very obviously adapted from literature.
It is the acting that makes the flashbacks so enthralling and fluid.
Patrick Wilson is always great in whatever I have seen him in.
My vote is seven.
Everything was just so perfect and excellent about this film.
I loved the message that there are no mistakes.
I saw this movie Sunday afternoon.
I absolutely loved this movie.
I loved these moments because they were just so real.
But during the middle of the movie i felt completely different.
Individual tunes are woven into a symphony.
Evening is the beautiful story of the flawed love of a mother.
The cast is glowing in Evening.
There is a great deal of infighting between Nina and her sister Constance.
Their fights remind me of ones I have with my sister all the time.
Her character is stuck between her heart and her status in society.
I can not wait to see her act in something else in the future.
I was constantly amazed.
Patrick Wilson is mesmerizing as Harris.
Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie.
It is terrible and jaw dropping grief.
I was utterly stunned.
The one acting disappointment was Natasha Richardson.
The visuals of the movie are sparkling.
The visual concepts of the flash back sequences are powerful and resonating.
Evening is a powerful movie.
Evening is defiantly a chick flick but a really great chick flick.
I caught Evening in the cinema with a lady friend.
I feel disloyal to Ms.
I think that Ms.
We would not have The Hours if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs.
But it is too much to say that it would be better if Ms.
I'm 14 years old and I love this cartoon.
This movie is really funny and I love the songs.
Other characters like King Gator I found really funny.
He is then given a crash course in the horrible realities of war.
Same goes for the endearing relationship between Alfred and Bernie.
The characters are just that engaging enough to carry the whole show.
A truly moving little story that deserves more credit than it is being given.
He is also outside of traditional gender relations.
I had a crush on a cartoon dog.
I saw this film when it was originally released in 1989.
A film worth experiencing.
You could tell Charlie was all gruff and stuff and the backgrounds were beautiful.
Gambling is a key element in the movie.
The good guy dies.
It was set in New Orleans in 1939.
Charlie tries to make up for it by buying her dresses.
Charlie loses everything and all he has left is this little girl.
In the end he had to choose between her life and his own.
very touching and I gotta go.
It just sounds weird.
Dogs Are So Cute As Little Mice.
All Dogs Go To Heaven Is The Best Animated Movie Ever.
This OVA is kinda the opposite.
This movie did a fantastic job of that.
I love All Dogs Go to Heaven even though I'm a guy.
This is one of the greatest movies ever maybe even the greatest movie ever.
I had forgotten about the movie for about 12 years.
Which I Believe makes the movie from good to great.
This is definitely a must see for people of all ages.
I saw it in 1989 when I was two years old.
I love the songs in this movie.
Those are beautiful songs.
The only thing that bothers me about the movie is Charlie dieing.
Other than that this movie is wonderful.
They are so cute.
Overall I love this movie and suggest everyone should see it.
That depends on the kid.
At the time most animated movies were a little too childish for my tastes.
All Dogs Go to Heaven plays on the canine criminal underworld.
This is a cute animation loved very much through my eyes as a child.
I would highly recommend this film to children.
I'm unsure about how adults would react to it.
I still love this movie even at the age of 22.
In that picture he appeared quite dubious to his role of villain.
Itchy is his sidekick.
It is set during the prohibition in the United States.
The backgrounds are good too.
I would rate it more of a drama than action.
Sometimes you have to lose to win.
The movie is filled with fun songs and music.
The animation is brilliant and the character voices are perfect.
Recommended for the whole family.
I'm 22 years old and the ending still gets to me.
Not to mention that it is just so cute and touching.
All Dogs Go To Heaven is a movie that I have always liked.
This is good and your kids will probably like it.
The movie itself is fun and smart.
It gets 10 simply because it made me feel.
I loved this film when I was little.
Today at 17 it is one of my all time favorite animated films.
but eventually will win you over.
Not a kiddie film by any means.
Often very dark and frightening at times.
But do keep a tissue in handy.
I first saw it when I was like 3.
If only I could go back to those days.
I love the characters.
What a fun movie St.
Richard Grant provides comic relief of the highest order.
He spends his days daydreaming about Mobile Suits and playing war with his friends.
The acting is splendid.
Miranda Richardson and Richard E.
The fundamental difference is the Story and the Director.
His stunt scenes are clearly outstanding.
This is movie is very touching.
The direction is very good.
What a outstanding movie is this i have not words to describe.
i do not know how come the rating of the movie is 7.
3 it should be 9.
but i know the people has deferent chooses so ya.
But it is one for the masses.
Simply great movie no doubt about it.
But the message and concept this movie carries are absolutely superb.
The story is simplistic while the uncomplicated screenplay has a very elementary approach.
An excellent movie about two cops loving the same woman.
Young Peggy arrives in Hollywood seeking stardom.
Great screenplay and some of the best actors the world has ever produced.
But his superior knows that he usually works alone.
Its much more personal and people can relate to it.
Her sombre clothes and empty and cold house convey her inside emotions very well.
Lets see where her character venture to.
The chick can act.
Most of the characters are hell bent on cutting metaphorical chunks off themselves.
So no chance of a baby there then.
No you do not.
Jessica is an experimental lesbian.
I thought script writers were supposed to earn their living.
I trust they learn one lesson though.
So I score 7.
This if played right could be the next Cold feet.
Plus the male cast are not bad on the eyes too.
This shows us a reality of life.
The movie concept is more that interesting.
connecting the storytelling with real life events.
keeping us aware of everything.
Some of the movie was shot aboard the U.
Fisher is an obviously bright enlisted man assigned to the U.
Sent to the M.
Nor is it truly a film about blacks.
It deserves wide distribution.
Derek Luke may well get an Oscar nomination.
Good old Hollywood style entertainment family values entertainment with just a hint of corn.
My introduction to Ms.
My introduction to Mr.
This is my favorite movie EVER.
I have watched it at least 10 times and I cry every time.
But this is my favorite movie he has done so far.
I took care of a little boy who was also born in jail.
He was the most precious little boy I had ever met.
This young actor has a very bright future.
See it opening weekend.
You will not be disappointed.
But I'm a sucker for those so I gave it a good score.
the acting was very good and there were a lot of feeling.
The violence is kept to a minimal which makes a change.
That is what makes good cinema.
I can say that it is the best film I have seen all year.
This movie was incredible.
If the academy overlooks this film it will be travesty.
The acting job by Derek Luke was outstanding and the story line was excellent.
Only superficial viewing can condemn this film as superficial.
What makes this film good is the fact that it is not overly melodramatic.
Get ready to shed a tear or two.
The movie could thaw the coldest heart.
There were many scenes which I enjoyed watching.
All the actors represented their parts well.
He had a strong presence in this movie.
The chemistry flowed well between the romantic characters.
Novella Nelson who played the part of Mrs.
What an awesome movie and incredible young man.
I defy anyone not to shed a tear by the end of the movie.
Whats more is that this is a true story.
There is not much more to say about this movie it is excellent.
There are some wonderful things about this movie.
I guess it is really hard to be discriminated.
It is very good.
I cried for almost a day after I saw this the first time.
BUT another set of parents picked me up and loved me.
And it helped me to realize just how messed up our social system is.
The film has a very professional look.
It shows that Mr.
Washington has learned a lot being on the other side of the camera.
He brings a different angle to this film.
The abuse he suffers at the hands of Mrs.
The lead performances are very good indeed.
Davenport has his own problems too.
He is not a happy camper either.
The talent in the film is incredible.
Joy Bryant makes a fine Cheryl.
My vote is eight.
There are so many out there.
A stunning film of high quality.
He is on the brink of being a loser.
Outstanding performances from the whole cast.
The story is in effect a family tragedy with emotional and physical torment.
All the actors give full blooded performances with conviction and realism.
One message from the movie is the importance of raising children decently.
10 out of 10.
Talk about deserving an Oscar.
Written and directed by Steve Gordon.
It was the quintessential comedy of the decade.
It won Sir John Gielgud the Academy Award.
It also looks at its characters with sincere empathy.
But I saw it for like the second time about 7 years ago.
My sister told me I had to see it.
Now my whole family has it memorized.
We quote it at least once a day.
I still laugh after all this time.
And that he is willing to give it all up for love.
A lot of laughs.
It will make you laugh for years to come.
A treasure of a film.
This film is very witty film that relies hugely on the actors talent.
Worth seeing many times.
but with a modern touch.
He is also wistful and real.
some of us drink because we are not poets.
The score is also extremely memorable and compliments the film perfectly.
The only real problem with the film is the ill fated sequel it spawned.
This comedy is a good lesson for life for anyone.
Rich people are not usually happy with their ways of life.
This is one of my favorite comedies ever.
The ladies of the piece are also well portrayed.
This has been one of my favorite movies for a long time.
Arthur does what he feels like and says whatever comes into his mind.
He spends money on people he do not know and finds everything funny.
This is a damn funny film.
Its very corny at times.
There are so many fantastic one liners in the film.
Its not a laugh riot but it has some fantastic moments.
He is very good with words and body language.
John Gielgud got an Oscar for this film.
I do not know that actor.
Movie has some flat patches but not very long ones.
looking forward to watch the sequel.
That is not the way I wish to be remembered.
We have most lines memorized.
This movie makes me just enjoy watching movies.
Show People is a perfect introduction to silent films.
Some of the lines in this movie are just unbeatable.
It went down just like I would imagined it would be like.
They were all laughing so hard it was difficult for them to film it.
The late Sir John Gielgud was a wonderful addition to this.
There should be a dozen movies like this in our archive.
This is a truly splendid movie.
He invariably steals any scene in which he features and thoroughly deserved his Oscar.
Hollywood seemed to loose interest in cuddly Dudley after these two outings.
We can only imagine the other great movies he should have made.
Arthur is a truly enchanting romantic comedy for for everyone.
Sir John Gielgud was the heart of the film and deserved his Oscar.
John Gielgud gets all the juicy lines and polishes them off with relish.
Arthur has always been a personal film for me for two reasons.
Frank was a champion equestrian and will be missed by all who knew him.
The wonder with Arthur is why anyone would bother with him wealth of not.
But that is the other half of the equation.
My friend was a most charming person when you got to know him.
In fact it was almost a compulsion to be charming.
He spent his life being a perfect party guest.
Unlike my friend Moore has John Gielgud to clean up after him.
We should all have such troubles.
Yet 1981 was a year of sentiment at Oscar time.
4 out of 10 possible.
I found so many similarities between Dudley Moore and Keith Moon in this movie.
We often try to catch a rerun of this movie on satellite.
The close friendship between Moore and Sir John is rather endearing.
Arthur is an interesting fellow.
She had excellent comic instincts and timing.
He gets Peggy an acting job.
Over time they become romantically involved.
A good film all round.
It really is a great song about New York City as well.
Jill would later star on LA Law.
She plays a diner waitress.
One of the true romantic comedy classics from the 20th century.
This one also gets a solid ten on the voting scale.
He also refuses to leave the bottle.
There are hilarious set pieces aplenty.
You could feel how raw the emotions were during those incredibly hard episodes.
This show is beautifully done.
That is what I think.
I love having C.
and Grandpa living at the house because they are so funny together.
It is too bad that no more are being made.
My favorite character must be Rory.
poor Rory is almost always left out.
It is always about Bridget or Carrie.
I almost guarantee you will laugh.
This family is so real and funny.
But generally a very funny show with lots of laughs and fun.
I was gutted to find out that he had died when i browsed Google.
Eight Simple rules started as a very entertaining series.
J is unnecessary to the show.
This show is awesome.
I loved it when Kerry made sarcastic remarks about everything.
I always laughed at that.
This was a marvelously funny comedy with a great cast.
James Garner was a good addition.
It could have lasted longer had Ritter lived.
I especially loved it when they brought in Ed O'Neill in a guest spot.
The show changed somewhat after Mr.
My personal favorite episode is in the last season.
I recommend this to any fan of those who made it.
That in itself makes Show People a film worth saving.
How Rory punches a wall in anger and frustration.
How Cate deals with having to sleep in her bed all alone.
who is absolutely hilarious as the wild cousin.
Katey and the three kids are really a solid professional cast.
This show has matured and developed because of such impossible circumstances.
You will enjoy it.
8 Simple Rules for Dating My Teenage Daughter had an auspicious start.
Each one was a standout.
We viewers gave him the respect and love he never had.
Cate is the conservative mom and loving wife.
Those characters were the main ones at the time of John Ritter.
This was the first time that I saw him do anything.
His performance was very impressive.
I still shiver just remembering it.
Suffice it to say that it is something you will NEVER forget.
it should never have ended but still love watching the repeats everyday.
More so than any show that old.
I think it was televised on Sat.
That is the one show that I wish I could see again.
I recently had the pleasure of seeing The Big Bad Swim at the Ft.
But this masterful film proved me wrong.
You will probably even laugh more than you would at most talkie comedies.
I hope it will be released soon so everyone can see it.
This is a terrific work deserving of a larger audience.
The plot is fairly thin.
The two actresses give natural performances and work well together.
The latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip.
What surprised me about the film was how real it felt.
Rarely in ensemble pieces are characters treated so well.
See it if you get the opportunity.
Writing something genuine and true is challenging.
but giving something to see is better.
I was never bored.
I never stepped out of the story on the screen.
I'm sure this will have wide appeal and should be given a chance.
What a shame so much has been lost.
I was really impressed with this film.
I consider myself a huge movie buff.
I was sick on the couch and popped in this film.
The filming was beautiful.
It was just what I needed.
I hope that this message is heard over any bad comments written by others.
The Director has a heart and it beats with his actors throughout.
There is nothing typically independent about this film.
This is one of those films.
I felt like my adrenaline had kicked in.
She makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend.
I can not say enough nice things about The Big Bad Swim.
I look forward to future projects from all of those involved in its production.
The students characters are mainstream U.
This final Voyager episode begins 23 years in the future.
Voyager has made it back home.
He carried a disease they were too late getting home to cure.
The Conduit is deep inside Borg Space.
This is a great ending to the show.
The fact that Adm.
was a great way to show a new beginning.
Voyager could have continued.
Harry was annoying at times but a okay character at other times.
Plenty of cameos for film buffs.
Then she goes to her friend and starts selling drugs.
She is much better suited to drama than to comedy.
The script is well done as is the cinematography and direction.
Yet it was done so well.
I applaud the director for making this movie.
I thought this movie did a down right good job.
Just the kind of movie I love.
Some very good British actors as well as the one and only Sharon Stone.
Sharon Stone is also an easy target.
And a fun film it is.
Glass is drawn into a seductive game that Trammel uses to manipulate his mind.
Attempts at censorship were vehemently denied.
It also received widespread critical acclaim.
If not always in the right way.
Check out the memorable quotes section for a chuckle.
Davies was adorable and a lively comedienne.
This movie was doomed before it even opened.
Still it is not too bad.
It feels like a retread of the first.
just like people were being killed by an ice pick in the first.
The similarities are too apparent.
The acting is good across the board.
Still I recommend it.
Just came back from the first showing of Basic Instinct 2.
Great story that always keeps you wondering and thinking.
Am thinking about going to see it again this weekend.
The original Basic Instinct takes place in San Francisco.
We start all of our reviews with the following information.
The point of this is that CRITICS count for ZERO.
Well enough about that.
This movie is very good.
not just good but very good.
The critics are a bunch of morons.
Just because there is nudity and language they hated it.
I can not accept the negative comments of other reviewers.
It still left me wondering at the end but in a more satisfactory way.
I found this movie to be very good in all areas.
a must seen over and over again until the delight fades away.
thank you for reading.
I think there are quite good improvements in the basic plot.
She is not only gorgeous but hilarious in this film.
I never would have thought it to end up such as this.
This is a good thing.
Her second run of the deceitful novelist is right on the spot as earlier.
5 to 9 out of 10.
I have no idea what people are complaining about.
I saw this movie yesterday and I really liked it.
Stone once again delivered a great character.
She was just as good as she was in the first Basic Instinct.
She still has those smart but tricky answers.
Although Sharon may be 48 years old.
She looks good and that is that.
Basic Instinct 2 gives you everything you want from the first.
So do not listen to them.
I do not understand your objections to this movie.
I never trust the opinions of anyone regarding a film.
That goes for critics as well.
Catherine is hers and she plays her to perfection.
I was captivated by her.
Fans of the first movie want to see more of that frosty ice queen.
The score is amazing as well.
I raise my hat to Carol Reed.
And he had to deal with Orson Welles and Oliver Reed .
I suppose quality will out.
Encouraging people to type too much is not to be encouraged.
I really love this movie.
A rod and staff are there to comfort him.
In the middle is Oliver.
The best is Nancy.
Things are not as they seem.
And that kid Jack Wild was a perfect Artful Dodger.
I hated the Oliver Twist kid tho.
He was just too whiny and wimpy for my taste.
The supporting actors were great too.
Bumble role extremely well.
And he has a wonderful singing voice.
And the continuity kept you moving right along with the characters.
And this one is indeed a rare find.
Our combined rating for this was 8.
Movies do not get much better than this.
Please do not miss this one.
even if you normally do not like musicals.
It really is a rare treat.
The musical numbers are all memorable.
All of the main roles were beautifully cast.
As a child I always hated being forced to sit through musicals.
I always thought Dickens would translate well in those regards.
I saw this recently on a cable channel.
even the shabby ones.
The two young lads who play Oliver and The Artful Dodger are wonderfully talented.
The dancing is cleverly choreographed and is mesmerizing.
A film for the entire family.
A Victorian Bull Terrier had a record amount of kills in a rat pit.
In other versions you hate him from start to finish.
Oliver Reed was masterful.
His wife directed this masterpiece.
The music fits the times and the mood.
The subtle things in this film are the ones that make me laugh.
I love the moment Mr.
Bumble start coming out at the beginning from the governors office.
The underscore for that moment is brilliant.
They should have just done regular choreography for these scenes.
Fagin and the Dodger are the real stars of this movie.
The story is about having success in life and the way it changes you.
The great cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970.
He makes the long journey to London where he hopes to seek his fortune.
if you decide to see this film.
He could not understand this.
He left thinking about what she said.
Oliver Twist was published in several editions.
Dickens tried to improve on Fagin a bit.
Then he got an idea.
He also added some additional details.
He let his female friend know about his resolve to change Fagin.
She looked at him as though he was crazy.
then I was right about that.
Instead the lady looked confused.
The landlord figures that Mr.
He is a very good man.
If Fagin saw Mr.
OLIVER won it in 1968.
She then goes on a road trip with three male companions and kills again.
He could be serious and hilarious in the same sentence.
And it is the comedy that is so often missing from his interpretations.
And then there is crime.
All of the most memorable elements are included.
Mark Lester mimes his wonderfully.
I could go on.
Soak it up with your Christmas dinner.
It all just seems perfect.
The transition from musical to movie musical is not an easy one.
All signs point to yes for this play.
I have seen hundreds of silent movies.
There are also small stories going on with the teachers of the school.
Oliver Reed and Ron Moody were brilliant.
I can not imagine anyone else playing Bill Sykes or Fagin.
His charming musical then became a hit in New York and throughout the world.
The sets and musical numbers are mind boggling.
I found that movie to be quite misogynistic.
But they just slap Sheryl Lee around way too much.
Catch it on cable if you can.
It is generally enjoyable and ranks among the better entries to the genre.
It simply could have used a bit more excitement.
SPOILER WARNING The ending was way too predictable.
There are different elements which make it a fresh movie with a similar theme.
If you like vampire movies I would recommend this one.
If you prefer your films less bloody then choose something else.
Almost too well done.
And even the optical effects supporting her kind of movement are very well made.
It really takes some beating.
He can act well and that is come to be expected of him.
I generally would not watch a horror movie.
It reaches a happy medium with the effects and story balancing each other.
There were some bad things about this movie.
i liked how it was old Mexico and not new Mexico.
with the clay houses and the old fashion churches.
I was quite surprised at how this played out.
Updated from a previous comment.
A great lampoon on Hollywood and its pretensions.
Polly Moran is a maid.
Davies and Swanson were friends.
Odd that MGM never teamed them up in a talkie.
Greta Garbo and Bebe Daniels are mentioned but do not appear.
I thought this movie was pretty good.
Jack Haley is also really good as Mike O'Brien.
Great music and some funny bits.
Yet it yielded one of their bigger hits It Never Entered My Mind.
Only Michele starts looking at another.
Not a bad bunch at all.
Bing Crosby recorded songs from his film Dixie in the same manner for Decca.
The strike provided some anxious moments for Sinatra.
He had just left the Tommy Dorsey Orchestra when the strike was called.
Fortunately Higher and Higher was received well a legend was launched.
But he outdoes himself here as Arthur.
And I love it.
And I love him.
Then my sister discovered that we had the book so I read it.
I rented the video on the same day I finished the book.
I thought it was very memorable as was the book.
The cast was brilliant.
Tara Fitzgerald was excellent as Helen and Rupert Graves was hateful as Arthur.
This is why the video is rated 15.
There are some other things that have been thrown in.
I just love watching women like these on screen.
All the actors do marvelous jobs bringing their characters to life.
So re the story as in the film I'm equivocal.
I loved this mini series.
I'm sure Anne herself would have been happy with the way it was produced.
Excellent acting and great locations.
This film successfully portrays the frustratingly restrictive lifestyle of all women of the time.
I am extremely grateful for the people responsible for making this film.
As a horse lover one can only appreciate this movie.
There are few movies that show horsemanship as this one does.
I would love to know if Brian does his own riding in the film.
Would also like to know if he enjoys horses.
Brian has been in a lot of movies where he has ridden.
You can find that in this film.
George Burns deserved that Oscar.
He gave a strong comic performance.
He was also 78 when this movie was filmed.
Jessica Tandy breaks the record as the oldest actress.
Richard Benjamin was also fantastic in this.
He won a Golden Globe for best supporting actor.
He deserved that Golden Globe.
This Comedy is an instant classic.
I highly recommend it.
The best thing about this film is the acting.
I can see why this character is such an icon.
Altogether a very pleasing sequel.
Worthwhile if you are already a fan.
Our days are limited.
Excellent movie for all women.
makers of human body.
It is amazing how we function.
The subject matter skips around an awful lot.
Our bodies are machines of a complexity that is simply inconceivable.
This film exceeded my expectations.
After a while she definitely grew on me and became a likable character.
I would recommend this film to everyone.
You are going to live for 80 years anyway.
Creep is an absolutely fantastic film with amazing film effects.
There is much mystique in this film.
My rate is 7.
And it does just that.
The ominous setting of the abandoned London subway during night is effectively used.
The score by a Bristol band called The Insects was top notch.
I really do hope he gets to make better films in the future.
It was a fun ride.
An excellent example of a simple idea developed into a compelling 90 minute script.
If this sounds like your kind of film then it probably is.
Buy a ticket and climb aboard.
now more than ever.
corporations while the government profits and American suffer.
It is very disturbing and realistic.
Some scenes between Emory and his father are moving.
However where in the U.
Something that few care to face until personally affected.
This movie struck home for me.
See if you can recognize John Goodman before he put on weight.
The aerial assault sequence is perhaps the best part of the movie.
See how many times you can spot the camera crew too.
This list is totally accurate and I can only concur with it.
It took Pulp Fiction to wake him from the slumber he had been in.
What I think is amazing is the budget this movie had.
The scenes and actors and explosions etc.
out on the deck.
That is if you like horror movies.
His demise is relatively easy to assume once the movie gets going.
Sometimes you just have to set the thinking cap down and smile.
All the criticisms registered here have valid points.
So much for warnings.
This is a masterpiece of comic acting.
About the 1976 Oscars.
This movie is not your typical horror movie.
It has some campy humor and death scenes which can be sort of comical.
I liked the performance of the hillbilly guy and of Lester.
This unpretentious Horror film is probably destined to become a cult classic.
I hope that the director will make another one.
The story lines was excellent too.
Fearful Symmetry is a pleasant episode with a few faults.
Just like he must have cared more for animals at one point.
And it is very much an episode of wonderful moments.
if you have any head for cars WATCH THIS and be blown away.
Boy are you wrong.
I have been a fan of George Burns since I was ten.
This one was also very awesome.
George Burns did a great job.
That special they were filming would have been awesome if it was really done.
I was about thirteen when this movie came out on television.
It is far superior in action than most movies since.
Vic Morrow as the villain is superb.
I'm disappointed in the low vote this received.
Possibly the coolest hot rodder in the world.
In possibly the ultimate hot rod.
He gets picked up for speeding by the Sheriff on purpose.
He checks out the lay of the land.
He knows how his brother died.
He goes out to the Curve and practices.
Another Channel 4 great canned long before it is time.
Compelling acting from Phil Davis and the rest of the cast.
But trying to find someone now who can recall it is even harder.
I suspect the latter.
Their emotions has captivated the audience.
This timeless proverb reverberates in this movie and in my heart.
It is possible that my sensibilities would not have appreciated its power.
So I now gratefully welcome it into my soul with gladness.
His is now a legendary luminescence.
She amply deserved her Oscar.
This movie is in an epic in the most classical proportions.
THE GOOD EARTH enriches one in ways that one does not expect.
But all will not come from it with the joy that I did.
But I can only hope that this film will be remembered for many years.
Do not prod me with mere technicalities regarding the race of the principal players.
These are expectations of modern times when we are obsessed with utter perfection.
Time will not diminish this effort nor will progress improve upon its greatness.
This adaptation of Pearl S.
There is only one thing that irks me.
I think you can.
Murray Abraham as Mechanic.
Then there is Luise Rainer.
There is a small grain of truth in that.
But that is Hollywood.
The locust scene was very well shot and contained convincing special effects.
My main problem with the film is that it goes on too long.
Faithful to the work of Pearl S.
The newly found wealth transforms Wang Lung.
I watched it again last night having not seen it since high school.
The novel which earned Ms.
The film is in Black and White and is wonderfully adapted from the novel.
Highly recommended for all audiences.
The special effects and costumes are very good for the time period.
I am surprised that Luise Rainer received an Oscar for such a limiting role.
The rest of her literary output never matched The Good Earth.
Still Rainer stoically bears it all.
Till then we have got this great classic to appreciate and enjoy.
I watched this movie with some curiosity.
I was happily proved wrong.
I watched this film from beginning to end enthralled.
That was astounding to view.
The movie is 67 years old.
9 out of 10.
So can those checking out Oscar winner Julie Christie.
This movie has been poorly received and badly reviewed.
Its a delicate story.
It is SHE who is notified that Chris is back in England.
Gray comes to tell her that Chris is in a hospital in London.
He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret.
They both are in love with him.
Jenny wants to help.
He walks dejectedly toward the house.
The novel was written something after the first war.
This one stays with you forever.
All in all an excellent movie.
The best thing I take from it is Hope.
Sir Ian Holm has a smaller role as the doctor treating him.
The movie itself offers an alternative and more modern version of the series.
The way he finds a Christmas dinner partner left me giddy with joy.
There is nothing fake or pretentious about them.
Two great comedians in a great Neil Simon movie based on his hit play.
As each of his employees leave he invites them to a Christmas dinner.
Each and everyone of them politely turn him down.
They all have plans for their own Christmas eve.
At this stage there is a deep sadness to this moving scene.
Thankfully we have a happy denouement to this very special scene.
Every time I see this scene it moves me.
This film is a joy from beginning to end.
The script is a masterpiece of comedy and drama.
It moves effortlessly from scene to scene.
All the acting is magnificent.
Some of her other films are worth catching.
His moment of truth is very moving.
Gold stars all round to the performers.
I was amazed at this movie.
Every time I watch this movie I am more impressed by the whole production.
which is highly believable to boot.
Special mention must be given to the other members of the cast as well.
a wallet instead of that ludicrous cigarette box Clara is so hung up on.
They are the type of character actors that Hollywood sadly no longer employs.
Just as good with repeat viewings.
This is a beautiful movie that is wonderfully acted by all players.
It will make you laugh and it will make you cry.
The very end of the movie gets me to mist up every time.
His accent mixed in with all the other European accents would have been nothing.
But is only this one where neither of them dies.
He makes himself very scarce.
Sad that it pays off a good deal of the time.
I particularly like William Tracy as Pepi.
Theirs is one of the classic love stories of the cinema.
Calling this a romantic comedy is accurate but nowadays misleading.
Jimmy Stewart is a special favorite of mine.
You can guess the rest.
A one of a kind film.
Willy clearly has been living there too long.
Willy wakes up and picks up the phone.
A remarkable achievement and one of the ten greatest screen comedies ever made.
This is a movie that gets better each time I see it.
There are so many nuanced performances in this.
Very believable in every facet of his role.
This movie belongs to Jimmy Stewart though.
This is a great example of that.
It will leave a smile on your face for days.
I thought this film was just about perfect.
There are scenes that will make you laugh out loud .
a few where you will want to get up and tango .
and many others where you will just feel good.
many more would like to than do but are inhibited by the culture.
I understand that it was more popular than Titanic in Japan.
I approached this film with low expectations but was very pleasantly surprised.
The cultural contrasts are thus intriguing.
Such is the premise of this hilarious Neil Simon play made into a movie.
I think you have to slide it.
The story is engaging.
No one is more surprised when he begins to like it than he.
But he must keep his secret pleasure from his coworkers and family.
When the truth comes out it is quite funny.
It is not the same as the other films about dancing.
A few normal people found themselves from dancing.
They are someone that you may see everyday in your offices.
This touches me very deeply.
The object of his obsession is distant and cold.
They are friendly and warm and inviting.
The movie has so many funny moments.
They are two funny character actors.
I recommend this film to all.
I lived in Tokyo for 7 months.
I always look forward to this movie when its on TV.
The range of different types of people is great.
My favorite character must be Mr.
He is so quirky but so full of emotions.
It is a perfect movie with wonderful dancing.
Unfortunately we never get the chance to see them go to Blackpool.
Would make for the perfect sequel if they had.
But I guess it leaves it to your imagination to what could of happened.
A very simple and innocent story.
He stays loyal to his wife and daughter.
Not sure if I want to.
I do not really enjoy Jennifer Lopez.
I have a feeling that the remake is not as simple and innocent.
The choreography was beautiful without seeming athletic.
This film is truly a keeper.
Over 20 years later they agree to get together for a TV special.
but find out they STILL hate each other.
Also his character here is so caustic you get sick of him quickly.
All that aside this was fun.
Their verbal battles are the best sequences in the movie.
For me it is worth seeing for Burns alone.
I give it a 7.
Rather Billy Elliot like I would say.
I enjoyed that film as well.
This movie was charming.
An accountant wants more from life than the approved conventional success.
We can all see ourselves in the everyman.
It is a classic in every sense of the word.
The movie is hysterically funny and yet quite touching all at the same time.
and I think most people will too.
My vote is ten.
As you can see this is one of my favorite if not favorite films.
This is a character drama which is absolutely hilarious.
I saw it last night and woke up today thinking about it.
he knows not precisely what.
It adds to the humor as well as warmth of this movie.
Each does there part in making this movie wonderful.
Truly a well written film.
10 out of 10.
Definitely one of my desert island films.
All these makes it a moving and fun film to watch.
he is fascinated by her and eventually signs up for dancing lessons.
He is ashamed of his dancing and afraid of ridicule.
This movie helped me to understand the Japanese people a little better.
It is a warm and very worthwhile film to see.
I was so surprised when I saw this film so much underrated.
I understand why some of you dislike this movie.
I must say this is the best comedy I have ever seen.
The plot is straightforward yet pleasing.
Before I watched the film I was slightly depressed due to heavy schoolwork.
It is important to note that the actors are not professional dancers.
It definitely deserves 10 stars.
I simply love this movie.
Please do not confuse the two movies.
The Hollywood version is the exact opposite.
The remake cements the argument that some foreign films can never be improved upon.
And please DO skip the US remake.
it is a shallow travesty in comparison to the original Japanese movie.
Yet it is also dignified in a way hard to describe.
It just so happened a friend lent me the video on learning to dance.
Very entertaining and definitely recommended.
I saw this at about 2.
Overall a good film.
So we went instead to see this movie.
I'm still thinking about it.
Even the small parts are great.
Scenes in car and scenes in the mountains are breathtaking.
There is no Dietrich.
I think I truly love this film .
The film seems to focus a lot on men ogling beautiful women.
But at the center of it all is the magnificent Louise Brooks.
I do not know if their projection speed is correct.
A lot of the scenes appear to be shown at too fast a speed.
This may have been the way they were shot.
I do not know.
and the tale might very well have been ended there.
but the true tragedy is that they do love each other.
But it is the images that remain.
The print on this version looked very clear and full of nice contrast though.
This is silent film technique at its pinnacle.
All of the characters are drawn with nuance.
I doubt it is ever been done better.
This is really some of the best stuff of the early days of film.
We are all the poorer for that.
This movie is less well known than her German films with G.
A sense of tragedy to triumph to tragedy again.
All in all I have seen this film at least 10 times.
And then they discover what they have been doing.
Crosby and Martin sing terrifically.
Good job by all.
A surprisingly original plot and great entertainment.
and what a combo.
This film touched my heart.
What happens here is pretty hilarious.
Burns brought a bit of the personal into this film as well.
Or at least pretty close to as an active performer.
And I do think you will like The Sunshine Boys.
Shakespeare said that we are actors put into a great stage.
It is really worth watching.
Big brawl and Maggie ends up stuck in Panama.
Carole and Arthur are great together.
Maggie is always there for him whenever he needs her.
I definitely recommend it.
Good timing and clever banter at the beginning.
The movie has fantastic montage sequences that dazzled me.
They are very good.
It is worth a look.
I do not know its exact rank though.
I suspect it just dates too much now to be well liked.
Most of the scores he worked with were fairly mediocre.
But the rest of the score for MURDER AT THE VANITIES was forgettable.
Nice way to keep the action going while the dialog hits a dull bit.
You can literally hear the script crackle.
But it is really more a matter of adjusting to the different style.
Once you get into the characters it will win over most intelligent viewers.
The series provided Cox with an outstanding supporting cast.
Peepers who seems a much better match for the gentle Nancy.
and even the corny ones are fun.
I must have been only 11 when Mr Peepers started.
Marion Lorne stole the show every time she was on screen.
I still remember it as wonderful and wish I had been a little older.
In 1952 i was 5 and my family always watched this show.
Peepers walking away with his back to the camera.
I think that the movie was kind of weird.
I give it about a 5 out of 10 of the scale.
The ending is a welcomed break from the predictable upbeat endings of most movies.
Not a bad word to say about this film really.
The score is a beautiful piece of suspense delivering apparatus.
All of this is high praise for a good slasher film in my book.
7 out of 10.
There are many reasons why I said that.
You will really enjoy it.
I'm getting chest pains Uncle Willie.
But he seems far happier in accepting his retirement.
The original bits that Hal Sparks did were hilarious.
I think I hold this show in good company.
I love the scathing review of pop culture that this show gives.
They are obviously being ironic.
And that is part of what makes this show funny.
We want more funny writings by the best writer ever Stan Evans.
The patron Saint of the mindless masses.
He should make many more movies.
We wish him a moment of FAME with a great fortune to gain.
He could also write a TV movie about the late KING OF POP.
Thank you so very much.
I recommend this movie to everyone.
My daughter was fascinated by the movie.
We have made it a part of our library.
One night I stumbled upon this on the satellite station Bravo.
Initially out of curiosity i decided to watch it.
The main character is beautiful and her body is shown off well.
The music used is pretty tense and creates the perfect atmosphere for the executions.
A movie you start watching as a late night cable porn.
It is hot in that department but it has even a lot more.
It has a sense of humor.
A definite adult only movie but well worth watching.
And what a way to go.
It starts out real slow.
It gets better as it moves along.
And ends with a bang.
I just recently started watching it and I love it.
Its a show that could of gone as far as Friends went.
This should of lasted much more than year as it was fantastic.
Amazing show with all the best actors.
The first misconception by people is that this is a horror film.
It is a psychological thriller.
It is for people who actually want an intellectual experience when watching a movie.
Kudos to the acting as well.
This movie is worth it.
Forget that Brendan is a graduate of the Buffy universe.
He IS acting here.
And it is twisty.
This would be a good choice for a Saturday Midnight sit down.
The score just plain sucked.
She carries the film squarely on her shoulders.
This is not to say that it is a masterpiece.
UNHOLY ultimately collapses under the weight of its own ambition.
A little ambition is not a bad thing.
A hilarious Neil Simon comedy that evokes laughs from beginning to end.
I have been looking for the name of this film for years.
I was 14 when I believe it was aired on TV in 1983.
I never tire of this fantastic movie.
I have been looking for this for years.
I believe it may have been shown on CBS under yet another title.
I have no idea whether it was ever released on video.
You will not be sorry.
It is unbelievable that anyone could survive under such conditions.
This is why this movie is so appealing.
Most important was her will to survive and to maintain a positive attitude.
It also should be shown more often on the satellite movie channels.
That was a bit far fetched.
I give a 9 of 10.
And so I really love this movie.
It even had a decent twist of an ending.
The ensemble cast has some good moments in the film.
A wonderful surprise of the Spanish cinema.
However this film was absolutely fantastic and not predictable at all.
I'm disappointed at the lack of posts on this surprising and effective little film.
I highly recommend it.
It is an incredible story of a strong and devoted people.
The Sunshine Boys is one of my favorite feel good movies.
Now a lot of the reviews here mentioned the wonderful performances of the leads.
He opens the plays out without making them look like a photographic stage play.
For example the movie showed Joseph Smith on trial.
Then Joseph was killed.
Historically Joseph Smith was never convicted of anything.
Brigham Young was in Boston when Joseph Smith was arrested for this particular trial.
It portrays the trial of Joseph Smith.
I would love to know whether Mormons believe that this is an accurate portrayal.
The issue is not emphasized.
Not a bad martial arts film.
Fight scenes were good.
Story worked without foul language and too much blood.
IT would be great to see something else from her in the same genre.
IT was definitely worth watching.
I recommend the film to all drama and martial arts lovers.
He and his wife make a great team.
She also did good job editing the film.
Together they did a great job.
A new one on me.
The fighting was more in the streets and had looting and crime.
I watched it and fast forwarded through the musical numbers.
But I strongly recommend this film to educators and their students to understand.
I bought this cheap from the rental remnant at our local store.
Clearly nobody else had either.
I can not believe my luck.
I will treasure this little find until it wears out.
One day they will make this again on a better budget.
This film reminds me of 42nd Street starring Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler.
I wish she was in more movies.
This movie should have a higher rating.
The strange twists in the Vonnegut story are made stranger by odd details.
some of the scenes left out of the film are part of my memory.
Standing alone and of itself it is well worth a look.
They beat him and leave him in the mud.
His house front and mailbox are painted with swastikas and accusations.
Eichmann seems pleasant enough.
You must learn to relax.
The reason he stopped is that he simply has no place to go.
What Vonnegut is describing is far more than depression.
no role is treated to a less than stellar performance.
But it is also just a really strong feat of cinematic technique.
And the music selections rise the level of tragedy.
It will change you if you do.
One of the best films I have ever seen.
He did a wonderful job of making a character really come to life.
He makes great job expressing the feelings from the book to the film.
Campbell who was a double agent working in propaganda during World War II.
When it is necessary to shout he roars like a wounded lion.
Of course it is also just a sign of the times we live in.
Had Chaplin lived in our times.
Of course on the outset it appears preposterous.
Back to the plot.
the premises of the film make you wonder about a lot of things.
What great movies should be.
A bit long but worth it.
But the film brought me a pleasant surprise.
I recommend it to everyone who is bored with Hollywood spy movies.
American playwright Howard W.
Perhaps that is the best reaction we could hope for.
And he realizes that.
One of my most favorite films.
The film adaptation is very faithful to the original book.
Mother Night has tight direction and a solid cast.
Sheryl Lee is beautiful and great as always.
I always thought she deserved better than she got out of the entertainment industry.
No weaknesses in this fine adaptation.
This movie pleasantly surprised me.
I highly recommend it for audiences who want something thoughtful.
This movie was one of my attempts.
I was in awe throughout the entire movie.
This is a very thoughtful and emotionally striking movie.
This question weighs heavily on the viewer of this movie.
These are qualities that seem natural from him.
Clear shades of things to come abound throughout the cartoon.
The early Bugs was definitely more sassy and cruel than his later incarnations.
It is an understatement to say that the performances are all Outstanding.
His trademark style of acting works well for the sly Puss in Boots.
The other actors are well for their parts.
I did not find any of the acting terribly fake or awkward.
I can not remember the original tale.
James Newton Howard enhances the quality of any film he composes for tenfold.
Show this movie to your daughters.
It will end up becoming a lifetime comfort film.
extremely touching and almost life altering.
was for me at least.
Definitely worth seeing and buying .
Added to my favorite movie list.
it is number one now.
This is a very touching movie that all people should see.
The Man in the Moon.
we will it is just incredible.
But it really is incredible.
just watch it because it will alter the way some people look at life.
Reese Witherspoon first outing on the big screen was a memorable one.
I thought this movie was very well done.
It was well cast and believable.
After the movie was over I wished there was a part two.
I wanted to know what happened to Dani and her family.
This movie is bound to be a classic.
I thought this was a very good movie.
I seem to find myself watching it every time it comes on.
My favorites run from Blue Velvet to Dr.
This sweet tale shortly will be in our private library.
This moving story is one you will enjoy reliving time and again.
The simple virtues evinced in Man in the Moon are a joy to behold.
i must say this movie is truly amazing and heartwarming.
however it is even sweeter watching how much he cares for Dani.
but the biggest tragedy i have ever seen occurred in this movie.
watching him die made me cry for a whole day.
i just could not believe it.
they really can make it through anything.
The movie paints an accurate picture of the South and the racist attitudes.
This movie should have gotten more notoriety.
I was so surprised by how great The Man In The Moon truly was.
7 out of 10 stars.
The plot and the acting was top notch.
You are emotionally involved with the characters.
The other cast members do a great job also.
The movie flows extremely well.
There is not a boring moment in the whole picture.
A young man named Court is loved by everyone.
His painful bloody death brings everyone closer.
You can find other symbols and allusions throughout the movie.
But the elements for this are set up subtly.
Note what his mom says about bringing his lunch out to the field.
Note how he is holding the steering wheel and his gloves.
He is sweaty and operating dangerous equipment.
All the acting is superb.
For some reason I found Jason London on a tractor funny.
Let me begin by expressing my admiration for a perfect portrayal by Reese Witherspoon.
That her performance stands out in the excellent cast is praise indeed.
Robert Mulligan has seldom disappointed those of us who have admired his work.
One of those movies that should become a classic for all.
The girls then are made to realize how much they need each other.
You get to know the characters quickly and experience their ups and downs.
This movie could take place in any farm or rural setting.
The story and the messages it includes would remain the same.
Not paying attention and carelessness gets you into dangerous situations.
The second reason is that is a love triangle.
As if it all really happened.
Love story or not.
this is what this movie is all about.
He has been thrust responsibility when he should be having fun.
They yell and argue and Danni leaves.
One look between the two and its all over.
This movie has since the first time I watched it stuck in my mind.
Its in the my Top 100 movie list and deservedly so.
my faith in Hollywood would be a lot better.
It is very touching at times and is very well done in all respects.
Jason London does a fine job as well.
The rest of the cast was very good as well.
As I watched this movie I began to feel very nostalgic.
Through the pain we go through in life.
life goes on and there can be forgiveness.
Feel free to cry.
This was truly a heartbreaking story about first love.
Probably the most painful story about young love that I have ever seen.
I would give The Man in the Moon 8.
Warfield and London are both equally good as well.
This is one of the very best films of 1991.
Perfect movies are rare.
What a delightful movie.
This show is good.
It was as if Pushing Daisies Brought ABC back to life for me.
Pushing Daisies truly is a landmark in Television as an art form.
It is just Brilliant.
Truly addictive and an absolute pleasure.
And Pushing Daisies lives up to those expectations.
I suppose everything does come back to money.
I have loved it since.
He learned this when his mother kissed him goodnight.
But this does point out a problem with continuing story lines in network dramas.
Many of these other viewers complain that the story line has already been attempted.
The investigative portion of the show is not what drags viewers in.
This is a success that ABC should never let go of.
9 episodes prior to the writers strike left audiences wanting more.
I love this show.
I like the storybook quality of the cinematography.
The movie has its tear jerking parts as well.
It is what real life can be in such an environment.
I am not sure whether his presence as narrator adds or distracts.
Maybe that is a good thing.
He can not send her back and he can never touch her.
Thank god ABC picked this up instead of Fox.
Most of the characters have a longing for things they can not have.
I think the characters are picture perfect and believable.
I really enjoyed the first episode and am looking forward to more.
Her character is very sweet and lovable and you easily get attached to her.
Lee Pace does a great job too.
Two underrated character actresses that never fail to bring it with their performances.
I have been a fan of Pushing Daisies since the very beginning.
You really connect with these characters.
It really is that good.
OK so one more thing.
This show is clever.
It is a pleasure to see such creativity on TV again.
Definitely worth a look.
The girls steal the show so far in this series.
Chuck is adorable as is Olive.
The two aunts are a delight.
I sincerely hope they write them into bigger parts as they are magic.
This is like Dr.
She has been missing from the screen for far too long.
If you grew up in an Italian American family you will love this movie.
Jim Dale brings all the characters together with his wonderful narration of the show.
Pushing Daisies quickly made it to the top of my list.
And that bringing them back to life was just as routine.
The truly kiss of death.
And that is how this beautiful modern fairytale starts.
The results could not be better.
The world around The Pie Hole was magnificent.
The actors here are top of note.
This makes every show I have ever watched look plain boring.
but I enjoyed this show anyway.
I will mourn its passing.
But I guess nobody will be bringing this back to life.
Pushing Daisies was a wonderful show.
There is nothing random about the choices that are made from costume to leitmotif.
An escape from the mundane and boring.
Watch a weirdly natural and totally satisfying song break out of a scene.
I know I do not.
I had a heart attack about a year and a half ago.
I wish she could have the comfort a strong faith gives.
It also showed the strong faith of two families who were first generation witnesses.
Thank you for this movie and allowing comments on it.
This adaptation of M.
I give it 7 out of 10.
And it was a great introduction.
The best film of Martial Law series.
It is a rare occasion when I want to see a movie again.
In old time movie theaters I would have stayed put for more showings.
The all star cast present their characters believably and with tenderness.
I was impressed by this film.
Pretty good for a sequel and I never even seen the first.
I enjoyed this version much more then the Spielberg version I saw last week.
So well done for at least trying to make a true version.
Its greatest fault is that it was obviously made on a very cheap budget.
The overviews of 1898 London look like something from a video game.
I was particularly impressed with the heat ray.
The acting and direction will not win any Oscars.
The year 2005 saw no fewer than 3 filmed productions of H.
The acting is often more in the style of that period than ours.
If you want to see H.
but any way i give this movie 2 thumbs up.
They will explain the processes used.
It is totally refreshing to me to have this movie in my library.
The tripods look pretty cool but their walking and deaths could have been better.
The action scenes were really cool.
Good movie I recommend it for people ho have read the book.
The music is awesome and the directors cut looks pretty cool.
some bad acting cheesy looking London.
Wells Classic has had several Incarnations.
Nothing is changed nothing is removed.
Martians Invade the Earth with Capsules containing an army of Tripod walking War Machines.
This move brought back so many pleasant memories.
People really did walk places back then.
The actors are likable and the performances are charming.
Hines succeeds in doing so.
We enjoyed the effort Mr.
Hines put into being faithful to H.
You can poke holes in the plot if you want.
Now imagine yourself sharing this gift with the love of your life.
Spock receives an urgent message from the former commander of the Enterprise.
Spock turns himself in to Dr.
Pike was commanding and Spock was one of his officers.
The kept her entertained and happy the entire time.
My son has been watching them for over a year.
This show is by far the best show on TV for kids.
AND a rock band for children.
The acting was Superb and the Story was Marvelous.
This is wonderful medicine for the heart and soul.
The Acting could not have been better nor the movie better cast.
At any rate this was an Amazing cast.
It obviously was at the Academy Awards as well.
preferably own this film.
They always have a positive message along with fun entertainment.
Moe is a great dancer.
Our favorite song is The Bird Song.
This guy must have been a cheerleader or something.
Must have 10 lines of text so I must continue.
I really enjoyed this movie.
Heath Ledger is great as always and the sexy Naomi Watts charms the screen.
Give this movie a chance if it airs on cable.
I do see what my forebears saw in the youthful Bette Davis.
This is a good movie for those of us who love these old comedies.
He had me fooled.
He seemed more like an empty canvas than a person.
But Warren William and Bette Davis are well worth watching.
I thought it was good.
Some of the score was actually good.
A bad ending I must say but I did see it coming.
it seemed that the movie was researched well.
I do not go along with the crowd of right wing believers.
I dropped out of that atmosphere.
I call it the Judas Syndrome.
This film certainly showed some of that.
Also he was a very gorgeous Jesus.
Another is that of the historical nature of the Bible and faith.
One to excite all 5 senses.
This movie is one of the most provocative Jesus movies I have ever seen.
I would watch this movie again and recommend it to others.
Monarch Cove updated this concept quite well and I anticipated it only getting better.
Love the TV show.
Was hooked first time I saw it.
Wish I was there acting in with them.
You are in a situation were you have to choose one or the other.
Making the decision that you really want will be better in the end.
Making the best of what you have is a good thing a well.
i am totally addicted to this show.
i can not wait till the week goes by to see the next showing.
it is suspenseful and exciting.
i am really mean it.
There are tons of memorable quotes.
Eugene Levy also turns in a hilarious performance as a sleazy filmmaker.
all fantastic films that are mildly inaccurate historically.
and they bounce HARD.
You should not take what I am about to say lightly.
No movie has ever done that to me before.
I remember it being announced.
They never really stood much of a chance.
Some scenes just do not seem to make sense after others.
I'm surprised to see the rating here as low as it is.
They must have just told him not to in the Matrix movies.
This is really a great unknown movie.
I especially loved the interracial aspects of it all.
Now onto the actors themselves.
Once in the Life is for sure a keeper.
Since I think this is his directorial debut it might prove even more interesting.
All of the acting is quite good.
every sentiment mirrored in the set dressing and camera shots.
Orlando Bloom and Naomi Watts were also really good and believable.
And the hunter and dogs are terrified of Casper.
Ferdie starts licking Casper on his cheek.
Casper screams for joy because he has been reunited with Ferdie.
You have to give them credit.
The finale is a bit heartbreaking.
I would give this cartoon 8 out of 10 stars.
Second only to the Warner Bros.
I have often wondered just how much CASPER was meant for children.
But it grabbed me from the start.
The best and most unpredictable stories are all true ones.
That is not what this film is.
This was a gem.
It was interesting to watch the moral choices people were making in this story.
Again acting is a top notch.
Irish countryside is as beautiful as ever.
And makes no mistake here.
An excellent film all round.
Both stars were in attendance and were available for questions afterward.
As for the stars and supporting players.
The film is a fascinating insight into the whole issue of religion in Ireland.
In this case both let this family down.
There are many episodes that I enjoyed.
I really like this show.
I learned this from people on the show.
I really like this show.
I learned this from people on the show.
From the beginning of the show Carmen was there.
She was one of the best characters.
The best episodes were with Carmen in them.
She was an awesome actress.
Way better than the niece.
But this show is a work of art.
George Lopez is funny.
His outbursts and shouts of glee are hilarious.
I hate the character.
George Lopez is a funny man even without the sitcom.
No one on the cast is really safe from his wit now.
The whole concept about a Latin family TV show really amazed me.
I am surprised that finally Latinos have a good shot to be on TV.
I will stop here to avoid the spoiler.
I think this movie deserves a broader audience than it has received.
But this movie is a dramatic powerhouse.
I was all in sweat and needed a shower afterward.
Well worth your while.
The only reason I wanted to see this was because of Orlando Bloom.
The direction is competent and assured.
The story is plodding.
His portrayal of this was just amazing.
His soliloquies were breathtaking.
I recommend this to anyone both fan of Shakespeare and those not so much.
This leaves no stone unturned.
I can not think of many better ways to make four hours fly by.
I was completely engrossed from start to finish.
One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after having seen this.
This is as close to perfection as you can hope to get.
William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his play.
He outdoes himself with Hamlet.
I guess they know good writing when they see it though.
To say that the technical aspects were awesome would be an understatement.
This is the biggest problem with this production.
Almost everything else works out absolutely beautifully.
And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced.
And he gets too hysterical at times.
But that is it.
Every frame is a painting.
I went to see Hamlet because I was in between jobs.
Like other reviews the 4 hours passes swiftly.
This movie was shot in 70 mil.
This is the definitive movie version of Hamlet.
I was also surprised at how mediocre this movie was.
and that is the only reason to see it.
I was not disappointed.
So true to Shakespeare and yet so accessible.
It blew my mind.
But now on to the movie.
I would recommend this movie to a wide audience.
Kenneth plays the role of Hamlet with such a distinct emotion that provokes tears.
This was my favorite performance of the year by far.
encrypted with his extremely difficult to understand language.
Well let me tell you something.
And here I was my mind opening and me understanding it.
I understood what was going on.
What was being said.
The language is awesome and passionate.
It allows for more raw emotion.
No movie provides more sheer entertainment.
It was an event.
Powerful is the word.
This gets 2 hundred trillion stars out of infinity stars.
You are wasting you are time.
You have to see the plays performed.
Only then will justice be done to them.
Too many of them outstay their welcome.
All play their parts equally well.
This is a must see for anyone and everyone.
Personally i agree upon all those superlatives that are around.
It has a few quick inappropriate scenes but is all right other than that.
The language is very mild and sometimes do not even know it is there.
I hope that people will watch this movie and get interested as I have.
The acting was not really up to the Hamlet standard.
I have got to say one more thing though.
For the same reason his plays are full of anachronisms.
Even Billy Crystal as a gravedigger works.
Every moving and charming sequence leaves behind a comprehensive sense of satisfaction.
His dedication to stay true to the original text should be applauded.
D to understand and enjoy it.
He convinces Aggie to become his fianc.
The production values are high and the script is very elegantly written.
I was swept up in the moment.
These guys make films.
this is one of the funniest shows i have ever seen.
it is really refreshing to watch and i was in stitches many times.
my favorites is the bob the builder one.
it is so silly it is genius.
if you like twisted black comedy then this is for you.
The Christmas specials were hilarious and a real treat for Christmas.
This film was amazing.
I am extremely picky about the films I see.
I would heard about Moon Child completely by accident.
The reason is because it involves vampires doing incredible stunts.
I think that it is a really good movie to watch.
Several scenes can be so fun and some others are so sad.
This is an action movie with a touching beautiful story.
Moon Child was one of the more symbolic movies I have seen.
I personality quite like that moral the movie depicted on.
It is quite a thoughtful film and also entertaining to watch.
The other area that really stood out to me is the languages.
Possibly the most amusing exchange involves an Australian and is conducted in English.
This movie is amazing.
The plot was just.
The storyline was thick with twists and turns and very entrancing.
The special effects are pretty good considering the small budget.
It works great as a stand alone Vampire movie.
9 out of 10.
Before long disaster again strikes and the group falls apart.
Alliances turn to enemies and their worlds are all turned upside down.
Regrets and hopelessness claim some while power and success take others.
Tragedy claims still others.
Truths are revealed and lives are forever changed.
And you will never see a more beautiful sunrise.
Nothing could possibly compare.
I went looking for this movie in typical fan obsession.
I just wanted to check it out.
I was not expecting much of anything.
The story plucks at your emotions and pulls you along.
I completely recommend this movie.
I was not disappointed.
A lot of angst.
I have watched it over and over again.
The music is also amazing.
A surprise ending that grips as much as the whole movie does.
I voted 8 for this movie because of some minor childish flaws.
It seems like their enemies just stands there.
waiting to get shot at.
he shows so much emotion.
The role fits him.
Wang Lee Hom is absolutely great.
Hyde did an amazing job for a first timer.
The way they met up was quite cool indeed.
The ending scene showed it to us.
Never has a movie touched me the way this movie do.
A big praise to the editor for creating this masterpiece.
This is a must see.
This movie is really special.
This is absolutely one of my favorite movies.
You will not regret it.
Many of the buildings he visited in his life are still standing.
I ranked it at a 9 out of 10 at first.
Came up with nothing.
So a ten out of ten it is.
You can tell what side I'm on with Moon Child.
Effects lack consistency but action scenes are satisfying enough.
It puts you to think and it does well transmitting all the angst.
It fulfills any expectations for a good drama.
I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
At least rent it since it is coming to Region 1.
The characters all had human traits.
I give this movie two thumbs so far up.
Definitely the best movie I have seen in the past five years.
You can create the goal pedestrian and write what they speak.
This is the sort of motion picture that begs for a remake.
It might be possible to do it almost as good.
This is one of the very best that Hollywood EVER produced.
it gets no better.
The Invisible Ray is their best.
In this entry the dominant role goes to Boris Karloff.
The contamination causes his skin to emit a bright glow in the dark.
Diana and Ronald accompany him.
One night he is lured into a trap set by Benet and.
See it and you WILL NOT be sorry.
The two fiends will battle over the radiations possibilities.
Pretty good special effects.
Karloff slightly overdoes his performance but Lugosi is terrific.
The Invisible Ray is a sombre and clever little film with much to admire.
Check the hysterical chambermaid scene.
Still I did like this.
I give it a 7.
Very swift story with an unpredictable end.
This is about the best of its genre that I have ever seen.
A grade A effort by Universal.
Director Lambert Hillyer handled the complex story and story locations very well.
No skimping on the loads of extras and locations.
Lugosi likewise was correctly underplayed.
I think this is the best part I remember seeing him in.
Boris Karloff plays Dr.
Bela Lugosi plays Dr.
Rarely are they both negative characters totally.
What he gets is a disaster.
But there are two things that are unbeatable here.
The film certainly picked up on science to an extent.
Madame Curie had died recently from cancer she got due to work with Radium.
It turned out he only got the photographs of the retinas of dead prostitutes.
But the idea did not die.
His already loner personality becomes unbearable as he becomes paranoid.
This is a perfectly delightful movie to watch again and again.
The acting is marvelous and the science is amusing.
I highly recommend it.
Director Lambert Hillyer captures a lot of elements that James Whale did so often.
What I'm saying is that this film is eerie and well shot.
But no can forget it.
The story is elegant.
It also contains some wonderful lines.
And what I see frightens me.
This movie is definitely desert island material.
Halfway through Karloff simply has an added purpose for revenge in his mind.
This is one of those moments.
and are absolutely perfect for this very funny film.
They start robbing banks and even hijack an entire town for 3 days.
I really enjoyed this movie and I give it a 7.
All the actors are perfectly cast and they are all great supporting actors.
Robert Wagner played his role good.
and Turner was a nice one.
There maybe a big age difference there but they are a unique couple.
The two actors really worked together rather well.
The book is better.
It was interesting to say the least.
Overall I would give the movie a 7 or 8.
the acting in it and the plot was just so great.
I married a Japanese woman 14 years ago.
We are still together.
The mixed relationships gave it new ground to cover.
This touched on both possibilities along with the third.
Garner did a better job than he usually does.
The real scene stealer was Red Buttons.
Red was the best thing in this film.
And the Japanese lifestyles were shown in an admirable light as well.
It certainly inspired me to look more closely.
This movie highlights the prejudices and cultural differences of that time.
This is one of the greatest love story movies I have ever seen.
The Jim Crow laws were still in effect.
Civil Rights was in it is infancy.
Anyone who has been in Japan would understand.
It touched every emotion from anger to romance to complete tragedy.
And Brando should have won for best actor.
This movie manages to say SOMETHING and be entertaining at the same time.
A mostly underrated gem.
boy gets girl back.
The weakest role goes to the late Kent Smith as Lt.
Red Buttons is great.
I always love seeing comedians in dramatic roles.
Today gays in the military is a big issue.
Joshua Logan was on familiar ground.
South Pacific also had racism as a component of its plot.
But the picture is stolen by the orientals here.
Buttons is your everyman enlisted man Air Force member.
They marry and the military cruelly does everything they can to break them up.
I still carry the memory of it.
That Oscar symbolized something else too.
Good location photography and a grand story.
This film should be revived more often it has a great moral.
Dooley does not get along with his new partner much either.
That all changes as the movie goes along.
Fortunately it made for an enjoyable quirk of a film.
The tag line holds true as well.
I thought it was a very funny movie.
I love dog movies and comedy movies so combined they were twice as good.
Realizing that all the Dog vs.
The film is a little unevenly paced.
The script is intelligent and economical.
Jeff Corey and many other townspeople try to dispose of the invading mole men.
A must see for anyone.
But as a kid I enjoyed it.
Usual acting in these type movies leaves a lot to be desired.
Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were familiar faces as well from other movies.
He did a great job of playing the strong man.
to mention a few.
People are being too hard on the film.
I think it is an excellent interpretation of what may well have occurred.
I would love to get a copy of it to view it again.
The allusions to J.
Comedian Les Dawson later spoofed this opening in his B.
This is a great movie.
There is no special agency involved in the plot.
All can be done just by delegation.
I think enough of it to have a copy in my library.
He also runs a Carnival and is the head clown.
and cleverly put together.
Give this one a look.
That seems impossible to say the least.
The fight between the brothers near the end of the movie was brilliant though.
Found this one in the video store and rented it.
If you enjoyed that movie you will most likely enjoy this one.
The soundtrack is great also.
York was never changed by the war the way Tone has.
I think you can figure the rest out.
In fact the whole film has a darkly cool energy and hip intensity.
But I love that.
you are in for a treat.
The people who bash this movie make no sense.
I'm in the latter group.
This film for all of its excellence is made even richer by additional viewings.
com 15 June 2008.
I absolutely love this picture.
I think this is the best film they could have made with the material.
It certainly helps to have read the original text before viewing the film.
But the story is great.
My daughter was entranced.
I would watch it again with my daughter.
He loved being bearer so much he came to regard himself as practically British.
The excellent opening theme was penned by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner.
The show hit crisis point three years later when Bates died of cancer.
Thank heavens for D.
Time to stop this review.
It is about A concert band in India.
and some drug use.
Lots of worrying by the mothers.
A good way to spend 98 minutes.
I wanted to see even more of it.
I appreciate this flowing film very much.
Each family has a gay son.
Maybe some people may consider this a slow movie.
I will always be a fan of the show.
The final season of Roseanne was a roller coaster ride of crazy.
This is what she did with the entire episode.
It has effectively gone where numerous other cop dramas have gone and succeeded.
Give this series the ending it deserves.
A great series which has aged remarkably well.
This is a film that was very well done.
She has quite the career ahead of her.
I was amazed at her performance.
It was good advice.
Read the rest at your own risk of spoiling.
You will be captivated.
It holds your attention from the start and its pace never slows.
The adrenalin rises and you cant not watch.
It also makes you question reality TV and if you would watch.
Now I can easily say this has been a hell of a ride.
Ask yourself would you do it.
This story is still an original plot.
Having a baby sister.
you know how it is.
By now i memorized both the plot and the lines.
the second one was significantly weaker.
It is definitely a good way to spend about an hour and 15 minutes.
There are actually some very funny jokes in the movie.
The voice talents are excellent.
Some of the questions are actually difficult.
Could have been one of the scariest movies if planned for another audience.
Disney have done it again.
I love this film and watch it over and over again.
Walt Disney company has NOT lost his touch maybe not for this one.
However some parts do not fit.
I would recommend it for fans of the original.
I recently saw this movie again after not seeing it in many years.
There are a few jokes that adults can enjoy on their own.
The score is quite good.
Many of the scenes from the first film are used in this one.
The returning voice talent is great.
The music is also great.
I was thinking how dumb is Disney getting.
I found it to be very good.
It was very funny.
Not to give anything way but you will know what I am talking about.
It was a very good movie over all.
Upon viewing I was .
And it is all good.
The team has done some serious research.
Their grandfather is a mariner of sorts.
No submarine was ever found.
This is a bit more subtle.
They also give us a reason to avoid a hot tub with a warthog.
7 out of 10.
8 out of 10.
This is done with frequent comedic interruptions.
We get to see them make fun of the events in the first film.
The Lion King series is easily the crowning achievement in Disney animation.
It deserved a theatrical release.
The same can be said for this movie.
Everything you have come to expect from this series.
The scenes never seem out of place.
There are MANY big laughs in this movie.
The story is just not complete without it.
One of the best movies for all ages.
Take time out and watch this with the kids.
Lemon is in the middle.
This is not a movie to be missed.
Paul Winfield should have won an award for his awesome performance in this movie.
Green Eyes is a great movie.
The dedication of one man towards his lost son is entirely moving.
One of my friends said it was her favorite movie.
I have been searching for it every where.
I have done net searches for it in the past but came up empty.
com I would really appreciate it.
All he knows is that the boy has green eyes.
No movies have grabbed my attention like this one has.
Rating reflects movie content.
something they have grown up with and are quite familiar with.
They start a fairly hard job and excel in no time.
And the dumbest things are usually done to get out of this state.
This movie can be interpreted on many different levels.
It is really mocking psychology and the conditioning of society.
One of the best movies I have ever seen.
The movie is better than the book.
But the movie is just so much better.
But I already talked about those in my comment on the mini series.
But count on having nightmares every night for 3 weeks.
One of the things that adds to the scare factor is the amazing music.
Jack is terrifyingly convincing as a crazy killer.
There will never be a horror movie that quite matches this one.
They are not alone in this place.
It really is great.
The kid is psychic.
Another thing I love is the multiple interpretations present in the film.
We are never really sure if what we are seeing is actually happening.
And that final shot.
And do not even get me started on that score.
Kubrick masterfully alters the narrative to terrify the audience even more.
And it is got everything else on top of that.
This is the highest rated horror film of all and rightly so.
Red is used in EVERY scene.
He loves to perplex his watchers in everyone of his films.
I will be talking about this film for months to come.
It has infinite depth.
A frighteningly authentic portrayal of a mind gone mad.
Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd standout among the group.
Take the murder of Mrs.
Jack Nicholson gives an awesome performance.
Kubrick really knows how to convey the terror of the psyche straight to film.
The movie world lost a great director when he died in 1999.
The Hotel was an impressive piece of architecture and staging.
His smiles were natural and his performance was wonderful.
It was believable and sincere.
how messed up Jack is.
Speaking of memorable scenes.
It also goes down in horror movie history.
I felt it ended beautifully.
Certain images definitely stand out.
Playing mad turns him into an exaggerated caricature of himself.
A terrific and very underrated actress.
It has the classic mystery of Hitchcock and the terror of a modern thriller.
The Shining is a damn scary movie.
That one toss would have been cinematic tragedy.
I was never a big fan of horror movies.
They usually lack originality and contain overacting galore.
The only horror movie i like was Stir of Echoes with Kevin Bacon.
This film is a perfect example of this very thought.
At the same time it manages to invoke intense emotions of sadness and despair.
I think Via Satellite is one of the best New Zealand made movies around.
I loved the sparring between Jen and Lyn.
Climax of the film is quite sentimental and is nicely done.
The performances are a treat and the film works perfectly.
Some people tend to forget that.
Beautiful film with great acting.
Sometimes a miracle happens.
But it is GOOD crap.
A rare movie to languish within.
Fine central performances too including the indomitable Jack Taylor and Howard Vernon.
quite a bizarre fantasy sequence where mannequins are used rather unusually.
Great locations and jazz score.
I particularly liked the constant namedropping.
More problematic is the incoherency.
I just wanted to see more of the movie.
Since that moment Franco never could grip me that much.
But then I stumbled on this movie.
Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera.
We find out he can do a lot.
But certainly watch out for the dummy scene.
I thoroughly enjoyed this film for its humor and pathos.
Everything that in this film occurs has a symbolic meaning.
It is totally different to the usual movie that one has access.
I must advice that this is not a sample film.
No other movie has made me feel like this before.
and I do not feel bad.
No movie has ever done this to me before.
I do not know.
I truly do not know.
You turn it into an art form.
I thought she did a great job in this.
The supporting cast was pretty good too.
The abductor was pretty creepy and the story generally had some good twists.
I thought the husband definitely had something to do with it for sure.
Just got the Lifetime Movie Network for Christmas and am loving these movies.
Kept my interest and I will watch it again when they rerun it.
His pursuit of May IS the film.
I enjoyed a lot watching this movie.
So he starts trying to find a breast who is able to feed him.
I also enjoyed the performance of the protagonist.
Some people criticize the script for being too wordy.
This wordiness touches the very roots of the genre.
It all wonderfully helped me keep the right pace.
But here do not expect me to praise foremost Romy Schneider.
It is still acted.
Her role is a purely supporting one.
Who really rocks is Lino Ventura.
But thumbs up for Mr Ventura.
New Year has turned and.
I liked the movie a real lot.
A very cool change in plot when you least expect it.
This 1998 film was based on a script by the late Edward D.
This is a classic waiting to be discovered.
This film could find an audience much larger than either of those.
You will NOT be bored.
Invite some friends over.
make it a party.
Play the amazing soundtrack LOUD.
No one is there just to show their face.
A film to make you wish you had made it yourself.
I saw this film at the International Film Festival Of Brussels.
I also met the director of the film.
And this is cool.
This film really surprised me as it is a comedy masterpiece.
It is obvious that the film tries to play with the established formula.
The cast is good.
This was one of those wonderful rare moments in T.
that I wished I would captured forever on VHS.
I want to see it all again.
I want to buy it.
I want what I can not have.
It should be considered a classic but is lost in space.
had a much more intellectual quality to it.
Everything I remember about it was excellent.
I still have 1 episode on a much deteriorated tape.
I can not imagine a movie like this being made in 1967.
This is a film that stays with you after viewing.
I saw this film after watching Capote and Infamous.
we cut to the Clutters.
Nancy Cutter gets an offer to sleep at a friends house.
She is holding a horse.
Perry will comment on a picture of her and the house later on.
The decision seals her fate.
But Dick knows that the protagonists of that film ended up with nothing.
Ironically his mortality is about to end in a few hours.
Dick has said that they wanted no witnesses so nobody would remember them.
I loved her in this.
The Richard character was completely creepy.
I have dated guys like that.
I LOVE these stalker type stories.
It always makes me get up and make sure my doors are locked.
There are two kinds of rules in this world.
The actual events up to and including the murder are saved until the end.
Cutter was a very nice gentleman.
I thought so right up until the time I cut his throat.
Brooks directs with a lot of verve and uses several interesting transitions between scenes.
IN COLD BLOOD is masterfully directed and adapted by Richard Brooks.
Its exceptionally well made yet forces the viewer to think.
The acting from the two leads is terrific.
Robert Blake and Scott Wilson are excellent together as two criminals with disparate personalities.
Richard Brooks received Oscar nominations for both his script and his direction.
Brooks turns the killers into pitiable characters rather than flatly condemning them.
Its surprising how so few people have commented on this movie.
My guess is that its a hard movie to find.
I gave the film a 9.
See the movie and you will know what I'm talking about.
The black and white cinematography and editing in this movie are top notch.
There are simply no flaws in this one.
10 out of 10.
Blake a close second.
Robert Blake was excellent in his portrayal of Perry Smith.
The book was also excellently written by Truman Capote.
Loved it but still have nightmares over the hotel manager.
Many scenes gripped the imagination and created a nail biter.
Too bad there have to be commercials.
I want to thank all who were involved in this great entertainment film.
It really brought to life the excellent acting of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson.
Music from Quincy Jones effectively scores it is story.
I have only seen this a couple times since.
It was too real.
I would give this a 9.
0 of a possible 10.
I am not a psychologist but have known one for 25 years.
I have seen over 2000 films and would rank this in the top 100.
My lifelong friend deals with clients such as these regularly.
My only criticism was the preachy narration at the end of the film.
The result was the book IN COLD BLOOD.
This was a highly combustible scenario in America whereby two entirely different cultures collided.
Easily one of the ten best movies of the 20th century.
Robert Blake walks away with the film.
The story ended in 1965.
one of the best of all time.
The cops are wonderful too.
They seem so real.
Really one of a kind in this respect.
This is some of the best acting you will ever see.
It makes the crime so palpable and sad.
I will stop here.
There are many fine supporting actors.
The result is the finest classic crime movie I have ever seen.
This film could NOT have been made in color.
His breathing under the hood just before they sprung the trap.
I do not think I could watch that again.
they end up murdering Mr.
Clutter and their teenage son and daughter.
Robert Blake is excellent as Perry.
Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen.
Jeff Corey is marvelous as Mr.
Same thing with Charles McGraw who plays Tex Smith.
Great job by each of them.
There is much to remember from this film.
Those darker moments are the most haunting ones.
Then the hanging scene.
She just radiates beauty and grace on the screen and is a phenomenal actress.
I was a little disappointed with the ending of the movie.
It was a very fitting end for Richard.
Famed photographer Conrad Hall did a fantastic job on this.
One can not help but look at Blake and this film differently after that.
The performances are fine as well.
The Clutter family was apparently not researched to the same depth.
It is unusual to find films made 38 years apart that mesh so well.
These two truly enhance each other.
These two new twists make the film timely for a modern audience.
The flashback scenes to his horrible childhood are extremely well done.
Stunning portrayals by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson.
These roles made their careers.
It excels in every department.
Blake and Wilson turn in stellar performances of the killer duo.
The only sound is the wind whistling through the trees.
Sometime after midnight a car with lights off inches up the driveway.
Moments later an intruder beams a flashlight into your darkened living room.
But this is no dream.
Do you suppose people in rural Kansas still leave their doors unlocked .
A good picture is worth all the words.
And I will not spoil it by telling you.
You will want to see it yourself.
The film has a magic of it is own.
Passion and simplicity is all we need.
Everybody can learn from Georges.
This is one of my favorite movies of all time.
I loved Rain Man with Dustin Hoffman and Tom Cruise.
It is a gift to show it to someone you love.
it was never posted because it was not more than 10 lines.
This is with no doubt in my movie top 3.
The soundtrack is also really good.
I hope it will complete my movie top 3.
Because you will want to see it again.
11 out of 10.
I do not really care for subtitles either.
I found myself laughing out loud repeatedly.
This one makes it worth the effort.
The character development in this film is excellent.
The song that gets played repeatedly also reinforces this message.
The film shows that people who are mentally handicapped are good natured.
It is a touching film for good natured souls.
I know how sentimental I sound and I promise I'm not usually like that.
I'm quite a cynic.
Winning performances from both these actors give this film its main strength.
There are some moments in the story that are very frustrating for Harry.
This is true cinema which touches the heart.
The film itself I believe is quite a masterpiece.
This film is close to be my favorite piece of celluloid.
There is really not much I would need or want to say here.
8 out of 10.
On the eighth day God created Georges.
She was the only one who loved him.
Harry is a highly ranked businessman.
He knows all the rules that enable us to succeed in our modern meritocracy.
Harry and Georges meet.
But Georges can not be shaken off.
Friendship and human warmth take the place of calculating striving for success.
It is no surprise that Harry now can not avoid failing in his job.
Georges helps Harry to regain the recognition of the daughters.
Nonetheless a reintegration into the old life is no longer possible.
This is the French and Belgians doing what they do best.
This film is a monument.
Gregory Peck gives a brilliant performance in this film.
The same can not however be said for the rest of the film.
For the rest you are better off just reading the Old Testament.
But it is also perhaps the first that really humanizes the biblical characters themselves.
Hayward is at her best in this film.
Raymond Massey does a great job as Nathan the prophet.
Finally this film belongs to Gregory Peck who wonderful as King David.
This is one of his best performances.
I think it still holds up very well today.
Despite a script that at times is unintentionally funny the film is highly entertaining.
Raymond Massey as the prophet Nathan delivers his usual saturnine and ferocious performance.
Look for the silent screen star Francis X.
Hooray for the Old Testament and Hollywood.
But his eyes catch sight of Bathsheba out in her garden one evening.
The sexist law of the day calls for Bathsheba to have a stoning death.
The only thing that gets Moore aroused is a good battle.
No one can lay the law down like Raymond Massey.
He would replaced Saul with David already.
I will leave it to the biblical scholars to submit interpretations.
Watch the film and you might come up with an entirely new theory.
To me movies and acting is all about telling a story.
As well as the sadness when he was killed in battle.
I gave it a rating of ten.
But there is something gripping about this movie.
The rest of the cast is stalwart and capable by turns.
She was beautiful and attractive.
David could not take his eyes off her.
He sends the man to the front line where he would be killed.
They storm the palace and demand that Bathsheba pays for her sin.
Peck plays the compassionate king whose lustful desire outweighed his good sense and integrity.
The love triangle causes some strain in their friendship.
After having played the demo however I was sold.
Let me tell you to witness something like that is scary as hell.
This game relies on the character using wits and walking carefully around.
Because like in any horror movie your surroundings are usually pretty dark.
But sadly I have to report that there are some flaws.
For one thing the universe you are playing in is huge.
That is all fine in the beginning.
And there is no map.
The game demands you memorize your surroundings.
So patience is required.
I do not mind jumping on platforms in third person adventures.
But in first person mode that can be an annoying task.
Luckily you can save at anytime and anyplace.
And trust me you will need it.
Great editing and use of the soundtrack.
A well chose cast with some great characters.
This was an adorable movie.
She is definitely a new shining star for Hollywood.
Also impressing was the soundtrack for this movie.
A nice mix of modern and Indian tunes.
I was dancing throughout most of the movie.
Highly recommended if a fun movie is what you need.
But our attractive young star CAN play some serious soccer.
Nice final wrap up to the whole deal.
Watch this movie and enjoy.
What surprised me most about this film was the sheer audience it attracted.
And soccer is the red line in this movie.
Together with the struggle youngsters have with the expectations parents have.
to your destination and you make boundaries and complications.
I can really relate to the main character Jess.
She really sucks you into her life.
The movie is never boring.
Feel good comedies are becoming my favorite movie genre thanks to this film.
I love this movie.
I feel that the cultural struggles are more emphasized than the other issues.
If anything it will make you smile.
No one wants their daughters to be athletes.
The structure around the parallelism of the two cultures is wonderful.
There is no condescension.
Both cultures are seen as modern and valid.
What a moron i was.
I should have seen this film the day it was released.
The trailers looked fun so I thought I would give it a go.
The entire auditorium was laughing out loud every minute or so.
better than East is East.
My beloved but forgotten Ice Junkie had melted into a sugary blue juice.
I only splash out if it is really worth it.
The sound effects and audio are amazing.
But this movie is about so much more.
This movie is so good and so deep.
Almost lights out for me.
This is a movie about living.
Living your life for yourself and respect for others.
The title of this film nearly put me off watching it.
If you liked East is East then you will love this film.
I just never got around to watching it.
The plot has nothing that interests me.
What a fun film.
I had a goofy grin on my face through the whole movie.
No wonder why the American television show E.
has snatched her up.
I have a new appreciation for Indian culture.
Those people know how to have a good time.
The wedding scenes are dazzlingly beautiful.
This is a perfect date film.
I highly recommend it.
If that is what you are looking for go somewhere else.
I think it is thought out well and it is entertaining to watch.
do not watch this movie if your already depressed.
then again do not watch it if your feeling really good.
But its real message is one of love and perseverance.
Made the same year as Philadelphia.
this is the film that people REALLY should have seen and given awards to.
and it is all true.
this is the film to see.
Then it became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease.
Level design is also cool and atmospheric.
But the game has two main flaws.
As far as difficulty is concerned the game is very well balanced.
Overall undying is a great game.
Definitely one of the best fps out there.
And it is by no means a tearjerker.
But I mean that in positive ways.
This is a complex documentary that shows many things about early Gay life.
A love expressed in ways that only true love can be.
This is the finest film ever made to deal with the subject of AIDS.
Cannot believe my eyes when read quite a bunch of other comments and reviews.
Loved every single bit of it.
Here it is different.
It does not spoil the atmosphere to me.
Very thankful to our Russian industry for the releases of classic Jackie Chan movies.
Thank you for attention.
The Direction is good.
Rest of the cast do OK i guess.
This review is for the extended cut of this movie.
I have always found the storyline a bit confusing.
The pacing is also better and overall it just works better.
Not much has carried over from the first film though.
We see various scenes where their silly schemes backfire.
This film is notorious in that it failed expectations at the box office.
The thing that really saves the film is the ending sequence.
The barn they fight in is full of clever little prop gags and improvisations.
The movie is a rare blend of a good vs.
The movie has its serious moments.
What I really loved about this movie is how it ends.
Let me just say it truly captures the spirit of the movie.
This game was really great and quite a challenge.
This film has to be viewed in the right frame of mind.
That leaves us with the comedy.
She welcomes them inside and they stay with her until the storm passes.
The film Torrent was a first and a last for Greta Garbo.
And leads quite the scandalous life there.
She has a political career in mind for her son.
Unfortunately for Torrent it came out one year before Oscar made his debut.
MGM were unsure of how to market Garbo when she first arrived in Hollywood.
Mack Swain plays her father.
Leonora and Rafael meet but Leonora is full of ridicule.
The dam is bursting and the torrent is flooding the town.
Rafael meets Leonora just before she is about to tour America.
Again he intends to go with her but again he lets her down.
It is certainly a good film with a positive message to follow your heart.
She returns to her home to visit her family and eventually confronts Rafael.
The ending is true to life and pulls no punches.
This film was quite a surprise.
There is one utterly fantastic line in this film that just says it all.
The sets and costumes were magnificent.
Without his magnificent abilities she would not have been the success that she was.
This is probably one of the worst movies ever made.
But I'm glad to have watched it.
Thank goodness he has grown up.
It takes at least three viewings to sorta figure out what the plot is.
My friends and I reenact entire scenes.
You will thank me for it.
This is undeniably the scariest game I have ever played.
Why she never became a bigger store may never be known.
A very enjoyable time over all.
The poster from this film rests on my bedroom wall.
My interest in international cinema has expanded since I first saw this film.
4 and I could have such a surprisingly delightful enjoyment.
Good acting and good scenery.
He takes the day as it comes and leaves tomorrow to its destiny.
But the show is almost completely stolen by Erika Anderson.
A delightfully campy and seamy riot.
New York I Love You is full of love and power.
The diversity from one story to another is creative and unique.
Eagerly waiting Shanghai I Love You in 2010.
I saw this movie at an advance screening and found it excellent.
They all give stand out performances in one way or another.
It also has serious stories and notes.
But that is good in my opinion.
Then the father quits his job at the law firm.
The youngest son gets a panic attack.
I do not know.
I liked the quiet conversations under a dark light.
I liked the intimate feeling of the show.
I liked the acting.
I admire the story.
Then I find myself wanting a second season of The Days.
The two have nothing in common.
So I hope fans will stop comparing them.
I just saw a press screening of this film and I was pleasantly surprised.
Over all the film is a great place to take a date.
especially if you are already fond of the city itself.
I can not wait for the next in the Cities of Love.
I gladly walked out with all my expectations met.
There were four amazing ones out of all the good ones.
Those four I will start talking about.
What I love is the ongoing surprises.
Most of the story presents the sad side of the capital city.
It shows many different nationality background.
I always liked Wright Penn and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper.
I'm not a writer or an critic.
I'M just a student that has seen this movie few minutes ago.
but it touched my heart.
it is easy and accessible.
Look at all the time that we have but we miss it.
and it has a special taste in New York.
It remains the sum of its parts.
The film is definitely uneven and has a very experimental tone.
It might be worthwhile for some and a waste of time for others.
It is just disappointing to see the city shortchanged on its heritage like that.
You will never know until you see it for yourself.
I'm just giving you a very vague heads up on what to expect.
i loved cooper his insight through out the show was just great.
he was by far my favorite character.
it was a great show I'm gonna miss it.
Running makes them all feel truly alive.
The entire 2nd act of D.
I have to agree that it is wildly original.
And it does not stop.
It is erotic and funny at the same time.
This is one of the movies that get better every time you see them.
This was a real show depicting family values.
Lorne Greene was dominant as the patriarch of the family.
His words depicted wisdom.
He reared wonderful sons.
His career never took off as he was associated as a Cartwright son.
He should have tried to get back into the series.
He certainly lost a bonanza by dropping out.
Bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors.
It also made many of their best stories into great western drama.
Most of the shows before 1970 are pretty good too.
Even the worst of Bonanza is better than a lot of other TV shows.
I love Adam the best.
I already own the first one.
PLEASE MAKE ALL 8 MOVIES.
Because I have grown to love the actors who have played the characters.
PLEASE MAKE ALL 8 MOVIES.
We do not get that enough anymore.
Its more than its longevity that says a lot for this series.
I remember repeats of this series.
Lorne Green had his defining iconic character from this series.
Its appeal was across generations.
All members of the family could enjoy this.
The swatch was EXACTLY rectangular.
as is the seam in the coat.
Indians are not played by Native American actors.
The Bonanza producers could have easily done so thirty years later.
That is a major nitpick for me.
I do not think Pernell Roberts ever got the credit he deserved.
Many of the stories trace real historical events.
The guest stars were interesting.
I just watched an early episode that dealt with these 2 subjects.
But every writer should have some leeway with the truth.
But that is if Bonanza were done today.
Ben Cartwright was THE ideal TV Dad in any genre you want to name.
Just the popularity that Bonanza has in syndication testifies to that.
Pernell Roberts as oldest son Adam was written out of the show.
His sudden demise after surgery left too big a hole in that family.
household during the era in which it was viewed.
Bonanza is still infinitely re watchable in re runs.
Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man of great integrity.
This is a wonderful action packed western with great values.
I lost my father at a very young age.
Over the years I have learned many things about him.
I can remember this as though it were yesterday.
U will not understand nor enjoy these movies.
Now about Loves Abiding Joy.
I knew HE was bad news from the start of the movie.
This movie has a lot to do with Jeff.
it is 6 years later so you know he will be interested in Girls.
I want to say that I have enjoyed all 4 movies so far.
Was not crazy about the books.
Cant wait until the next movie.
The way Clark talks will get you every time.
I would love to see January Jones do an appearance.
Maybe a family reunion or something.
This movie is wonderful.
It always has been always will be.
I'm mean really what is better then a house maid falling in love.
Walt really out did him self here.
This is only type of movies that i still have patience to watch.
But there is a one big shame.
You will have to see the movie if you want to know why.
At the ball she meets the handsome Prince Charming.
The characters are memorable.
I do not think I need to tell you the story.
For it has been told for years and years.
So I will just share my feelings.
I first saw Cinderella was when I was five years old.
From then on I was a Disney child in a good way.
Thankfully I was born before that so I was introduced to this classic.
Which is the true magic of Disney.
I feel they made necessary changes to make this a good Disney film.
This is a film very much to be watched with other people.
Immediate family is not good enough.
We loved the movie.
I am a mother to two little men.
I do wish we saw more of the Davis family.
We both wish actors would not change.
The new actors were good replacement tho.
My 9 year old son loved this movie too.
asked me to go buy them all.
He is a movie critic so for him to say this tells me something.
Family should all see this move buy it for friends .
Help bring back a time of values.
We will be Reading the books now that we are hooked.
really hope to see more.
Be Blessed happy moving.
And it really deserves its status.
But there is a Fairy Godmother on hand.
The animation and art direction is lovely.
The characters are also a delight.
Then the King orders the duke to find the women who wore that slipper.
This film is about a magical fairytale.
She never works for her dreams that she sings so fondly of.
Cinderella is a wonderful heartfelt story with a ton of musical highlights.
and thanks to Mr.
the chance eventually comes when the prince of the kingdom needs a girlfriend.
I think all the characters are portrayed amazingly.
The mice are funny and sweet too.
I do not think it is the best Disney film.
But it sure is a true classic.
Disney creates a magical adaptation of the classic fairytale.
I can watch it over and over again.
The music really fit the movie perfectly.
The cartoonists depicted the spoiled behavior very well.
I recommend it to everyone.
I have finally found movies that are good to watch.
The 12th animated Disney classic is a reasonable movie told through a simple story.
This was an important movie because it saved Disney from a delicate situation.
I love his voice.
The Grand Duke is a very cool chap and funny too.
The Prince is certainly one of the most charming in Disney.
The villains in the form of step sisters are perfectly evil and vile.
If you think about it Disney movies can really lost their charm.
In this film it is even more the magical when her rainbow comes smiling.
And of course the rest is.
A lot has changed since then.
Something about this movie just evokes the magic of Disney.
Any child or family members will enjoy this wonderful and magical story.
She cleans and cooks for them without ever receiving thanks.
You can not help but fall in love with this masterpiece.
That criticism is just.
It DOES look good.
The animation varies a bit.
I wonder how he put up with the animal.
Their actions are of maximum interest only in the light of the main story.
Among the supporting cast the notable humans are the King and the Grand Duke.
They remain among the most popular animated films of all time.
The result was enchanting.
And indeed he had.
It simply has never looked better.
I recommended it for a pleasant time of entertaining.
AS there where few scenes of downtown and the city center.
This two songs that have the same melody.
but people do not usually realize that.
I love all of the movies by Michael Landon Jr.
This movie kept me spellbound from start to finish.
Before watching a movie I always try to gather some previous information.
The second one is a psychiatrist that is assigned the treatment of the detective.
The movie is very fun and funny and it has superb moments.
It seems the script suits perfectly to the actors and vice versa.
Weird characters in a delightful comedy about friendship and heroism.
I love Paul McCartney.
I was upset to say the least.
It was almost as good as being there.
Paul is still the man and I will enjoy this for years to come.
I do have one complaint.
I would of like to hear all of Hey Jude.
Also Paul is not dead.
This movie was uplifting story of the loss and restoration of faith.
This is one of the finest music concerts anyone will ever see and hear.
I have a huge 5.
This is the closest you will get to a Beatles concert today.
I was glued to the set this entire show.
Thanks to this video I was able to enjoy it.
Only then does the second film start.
Then we shift to Southeast Asia.
This is a blimp we are talking about.
Just a fun film to watch.
Proud member of the Naval Airship Association etc.
I saw it about 15 years ago on HBO and loved the movie.
The place was packed both times and people had to be turned away.
The One and only was a great film.
Those who get the joke and those who do not.
People usually attack what they do not understand.
This film has a comic style and charm that has been unparalleled since.
and a GREAT romance.
A perfect movie for someone who wants a good lighthearted laugh.
There is no Justice in the world.
Sometimes with age people lose their sense of humor.
I love his impressions of Mr.
I saw this for the first time when it came out in 1984.
I still think this is very funny.
This came out in 1983.
Eddie made two stand up comedy films.
I preferred Raw because I just found the subject matter to be more humorous.
T and singers such as Michael Jackson.
Believe me your fans will love you for it.
And I think you know that.
I laughed myself sick the first three times I watched it.
At his best when telling stories from a kids point of view.
There are a lot of things wrong with it.
Just download it or something for cheap.
SO HINTS ARE VERY WELCOME.
Murphy has some pretty raunchy jokes but this is just too funny to pass.
If only every movie could be this funny.
If you ever see a stand up comedy movie this is the one.
You will laugh nonstop if you have any sense of humor at all.
This is a stand up standard.
It never loses its edge.
If only Eddie Murphy were born 10 years later.
Then we would all remember it.
But even I was only 4 when it came out.
It really needs to be watched more then once to understand all the jokes.
I have never seen a man be more funny than Eddie Murphy.
This is definitely one for your video library.
But the actors turn the dialog into something that makes sense.
You can see real people behind the unreal lines.
And the directing is wonderful.
The friends enjoyed it too.
There will be no other comedian like Eddie.
His imitations of Mr.
i was in tears.
if only i was there.
I think this still is the best routine.
Just long enough to last 20 years.
I just love how he allows the audience to be totally themselves and unrestricted.
This is hands down the greatest stand up show ever.
You can even tell the crowd gets really into.
He is SO funny.
brigade would find this hilarious.
His timing and delivery for his stories is almost unequaled.
It is THAT funny.
I have never seen anything like it.
I have seriously never laughed so hard of anything my entire life.
was but still laughed.
That is what it comes down to.
It is funny as hell.
T being a homosexual.
You look mighty cute in them jeans.
No one was expecting the filthy mouth that he unleashed on them.
But the results were just awesome.
Normal kids do not do shit like that Gus.
He was something never before seen.
He was all we ever needed.
Truly one of the funniest routines of all time.
Makes other so called comedies like dead boring.
It portrays incredibly cruel treatment of humans and animals.
Boy was i mistaken.
However as soon as the film started the laughs started erupting from my belly.
I was surprised with the amount that I was absorbed in this film.
All in all an excellent film if you are a fan of unnecessary comedy.
s the evil rich guy.
8 out of 10.
Very possibly one of the funniest movies in the world.
Pure stroke of genius.
10 out of 10.
I have seen it so many times I have stopped counting.
Trust me on this one.
There was no point in putting this great actor in this movie.
Sometimes I just want to laugh.
a definite must see for all comedy fans.
i like coop he rocks i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this.
Sublimity is the way we have to reach for The Beauty.
And sublimity is the stuff this film is made of.
This movie is not as funny as South Park but it is pretty funny.
The slap stick style humor mixed with Stone and Parker just works flawlessly.
Recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor.
They create a new sport that combines baseball and basketball.
A definite recommendation for those of you who like slapstick and rude humor.
There are dozens of funny moments to this fantastic movie.
Robert Stacks Unsolved Mysteries spoof is also very amusing.
and everything else associated with nature.
Trey Parker and Matt Stone are absolutely brilliant.
So I'm keeping it professional.
This movie is just funny.
But this is different and just focuses on being funny.
After shaming them the sport goes pro in about a year.
I thoroughly enjoyed this flick.
if that makes any sense.
The opening prologue is brilliant.
it has a really genuine message that is conveyed through literal comic genius.
I gave this movie 8 out of 10 stars.
5 out of 10.
And it succeeded admirably in doing so.
This is the weepy that Beaches never was.
You almost wish people like this really existed.
Here the major theme is class division.
Stella is a story from depression era America.
Fans of the original never gave it a chance.
You get the drift.
A man sees her dance at the bar.
They like each other.
Stella ends up pregnant.
Stella tells the guy the news.
She sends him packing.
Everything is right about it.
I bought this while I was playing chess in Hastings.
I am from Denmark though.
It is very good.
Definitely with an understanding of the horror genre.
The monster towards the end is very scary.
The narrative is pure Golden Age.
The caricatured policemen fall hopelessly for the bait.
There are even dogs.
The public enjoys immensely about guess the murder.
The mystery is very clever and the denouement both complicated and interesting.
Enjoy a great Classic from the past.
The cast is terrific.
The film starts out incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany.
Political correctness flies out the window in every episode.
Lee and Peter Mine.
Fortunately they assigned suave William Powell first to the character.
James lee as the abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent.
The story breaks into four parts.
Cracking good yarn with all the actors giving great value.
William Powell looks wonderfully relaxed and at his debonair best.
A forerunner to the Thin Man series.
But because it happens so fast and is .
This one is definitely a keeper.
it is all here.
Few things escape Vance.
He uses his wits to piece things together.
Also pleasant is seeing a few other great faces.
The unflappable William Powell.
This is a little hard to take.
If you add the fact that B.
Make no mistake this is her picture.
Miss Hepburn in particular benefits from this love.
Van Dine were most popular at the time and the clever Mr.
This movie is by far the best film adaptation of his works .
The plot is intricate .
Highly recommended if you are fan of this type of movie.
The cast is a great ensemble.
William Powell exhibits true star quality.
He is a joy to watch.
Mary Astor does above average work in a not very meaty role.
Mary Astor is very lovely here.
It gives the movie a baroque quality.
Its comedy at its best.
At more than one occasion the entire audience laughed loudly at a joke.
This movie also contains a bit more violence than the first one.
Although the movie was great all in all.
and of course no classic is complete without Audrey Hepburn.
I was a fan for life from that moment on.
boys on their global quest.
Of all the U.
She should have been told to stay at home.
I would love to know how Solo and company escaped from THRUSH H.
Bacall fits that part here.
Great Classic 1945 film without Humphrey Bogart.
The big distraction is the complete disregard for authentic accents.
It was hard to keep straight which country people were from.
I really liked the black and white cinematography.
The lighting also does a great job of adding to the intrigue and tension.
Bacall is just gorgeous.
But I still really liked this picture.
There is great tension and it moves along well enough.
Her one scene where she laughs maniacally as Mr.
This film has its good and not so good points.
The two have no chemistry.
Definitely worth seeing even with its flaws.
It could have been a better film.
This movie is perfect for all the romantics in the world.
I'm sure I have met Arthur in my travels somewhere.
I have to buy this one.
It could have been better had it been directed by someone with more experience.
I have loved it since local channels used to show it.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite writers of the last century.
Some pretty bad movies were made from his novels and stories.
Lauren Bacall is appealing as the British girl who falls for him.
And Wanda Hendrix could break the hardest heart.
She comes across as a precocious early teenager.
The character wants to be helpful.
She does her best.
I recommend this movie highly.
But the story and acting can scarcely be bettered.
Bacall lights up the screen of course and Boyer is entirely engaging.
They do not make movies like this any more.
Name just says it all.
We see a frail 82 year old Gen.
The film then goes into an almost two hour long flashback on Gen.
Told to leave he island for Australia before the Japanese military invade it Gen.
MacArthur achieved his most brilliant victory as well as his worst military defeat.
Truman who had taken just about enough garbage from Gen.
Truman unceremoniously relived Gen.
Back to 1962 we can now see that Gen.
One thing that Gen.
In that it is the soldiers who have to fight and die in it.
That must have been a subject they avoided.
The film opens with MacArthur addressing the student body in 1962.
Roosevelt and Harry S.
Roosevelt was a man who got his points across with unusual subtlety and cleverness.
Along the way it need not have ever come to a crisis.
Watch the newsreels and see if you do not agree.
Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C.
This movie had a good dose of them.
This is undoubtedly one of the funniest movies ever made.
The best thing is the laughter never stops.
All in all I was rolling with laughter throughout the movie.
The box is so cool and the music is very good.
Its hard to explain but it just feels like it.
The music even sounds like video games.
The acting is really terrible.
I watched it some years ago.
This may not be casualty.
This is simply the funniest movie I have seen in a long time.
Macy is excellent as always.
Pretty good acting performances by the cast.
Macy is excellent as the depressed Alex.
The story was rather flat and clich.
I recommend you to watch it if you like mature interesting movies.
This is a haunting movie.
His mother breaks her promise and tells his father about the psychiatrist.
This is not the kind of drama that plays well in a movie theater.
Screwball comedy about romantic mismatches in New York City.
At one point Alex tells his doctor that he rarely gets angry.
This movie displays the kind of ensemble work one wishes for in every film.
What an amazing performance from a child.
She is fantastic as a wild young woman who is wise beyond her years.
Macy is the most refreshing little actor I have seen in awhile.
The cinematography creates the mood along with a very subtle musical background.
Very fine acting by all.
A sleeper that deserves wide attention.
I really liked this film.
One of those rare films that Hollywood Really does not make anymore.
It earns it is praise.
Everyone is either loving or hating this film.
I am going with loving.
It is so well shot and so well acted.
This film is for people who appreciate well crafted film making.
What a surprising treat to come across on late television.
But the film works.
The look and feel of the film is perfect.
I gather from reading the previous comments that this film went straight to cable.
And the use of restaurants in the film was fascinating.
Macy and Donald Sutherland.
I laughed and smiled all the time.
In a movie about the choices we make and the consequences we live with.
The impact stays with you right after you leave the theater.
This is the kind of movie Hollywood needs to make more of.
Just people dealing with being people.
I recently caught up with this little gem of a film on cable.
One always wonders about the secret life of hit killers.
He has to see someone to help him find peace with himself.
In going to Dr.
One of the best things in the movie is the late John Ritter.
He is equally convincing as Dr.
He is a natural actor in everything he does.
She shows a capability and range that are incredible.
He shows a maturity beyond his years.
Macy is such a great actor.
I highly applaud the casting of Tracey Ullman as the neglected wife.
Almost everyone knew what they were doing.
8 out of 10.
I am absolutely crazy about the show.
I think the entire cast is excellent.
That is really sad.
I hope they will bring it back .
Hope Davis really shines in this show.
I like the idea of SIX DEGREES.
It really makes sense in this insane world.
gone are the days of endless taping.
This was an excellent show to watch with a great cast.
Why can not the networks get it right.
I have complained to ABC about the cancellation of six degrees.
This deserves a 12 out of 10.
An absolutely refreshing show with real characters and real stories.
The scenery is amazing and wardrobes are exquisite.
They are all great.
It seemed like all the actors are personal friends in real life.
The characters are all likable and you root for them.
Big kudos to all the cast.
The show audience will mostly record it.
The new stream media will gain more and more popularity among viewers.
Six Degrees we will miss you.
Which is apparently a bit too late for the eager networks.
Everything here no one really needed to know.
This show showed great promise.
This show is totally worth watching.
However this show was believable with likable characters and marvelous story lines.
I do not think this show was given enough time to gain an audience.
I believe that given more time this show would have done very well.
Once again ABC is not giving a show with real potential a real chance.
I really loved the characters and looked forward to watching each episode.
Some things are just worth saving and this show is definitely one of them.
Even the kids are great.
So sad that it is gone.
Of course I wonder about the reasons it was canceled.
There is no way I will let myself believe that Ms.
It was in the perfect time slot in this market.
I have watched all the episodes again on ABC.
Put season one on video and sell it.
I was a loyal fan of Six Degrees and waited for it is return.
I set my recorder to tape all of the shows.
Thank God for that.
I just found out that the show was canceled and I'm heart broken.
The writing was pretty good also.
This is the best and most original show seen in years.
The more I watch it the more I fall in love with it.
I personally like every character.
There are so few shows I watch anymore as most TV is awful .
I am so sick of reality shows I do not watch any of them.
Now I want MORE.
WAY too much drama.
I can not seem to get enough.
Get some respect for having a QUALITY drama out there.
This could be one of the best shows of all time.
If somebody will just let it.
Six degrees had me hooked.
I thought it was just on hiatus and would be back early in 2007.
We could relate to the characters who had real problems.
We talked about each episode and had our favorite characters.
This show was Fabulous.
Even Jonathan Cake the philandering boyfriend was likable.
Some of us are not sheep.
i hate how we never find out how everyone ends up.
I loved the entire cast too.
I wanted to see what would happen to Laura or Damien and everyone else.
This is really such a downer.
It may be mild action but it is action.
Once again every member of the cast fits perfectly.
Matt Damon will forever be Jason Bourne.
How they do it I will never know.
Only his inhuman resilience leads the film a little too far into fantasy.
Its all about the action.
A scene set in Waterloo with a Guardian journalist does this to great effect.
This movie was excellent.
They never treat the audience like idiots.
All the actors were solid in their performances.
I recommend this film and the trilogy.
This sequence got repetitive and ultimately dull.
This installment very much makes the CIA look like a very foolish organization.
These sequences add realism to the film in feeling.
The third and last film of this trilogy is finally crystal clear.
It is a political film more than a plain entertainment.
So go and watch the film.
These scenes proved effective because of that approach.
And the action scenes are rather impressive.
I would been waiting for this since before they started filming.
Identity and Supremacy both flowed gracefully between adrenaline rush action to introspective drama.
This movie felt choppy at times.
That caused the following action to feel too frenetic.
All the martial arts training the actors went through was totally wasted.
Get some interesting shots.
They thrust new names and faces upon you from the get go.
Felt rushed or compressed for time reasons.
After you catch up however the story is quite good.
I thought that was awkward.
Obviously there are only two originals left.
Bourne and Nicky Parsons.
Them teaming up was kind of odd to me.
The other assassins in the movie were pretty quiet.
Those scenes were phenomenal.
The cast in general has degraded as the the series went on.
Clive Owen was practically an afterthought.
Felt like they wanted to get the series over with though.
It was my understanding this was the conclusion.
I thought that was going to be it.
A full circle type of ending.
I did like Nicky reacting to the news report though.
Look at what they make you give.
The final scene was great.
This movie is awesome.
He is this role.
Excellent film all in all and a fantastic ending to an amazing trilogy.
Nothing like his quietly heroic Edward R.
and physics in general.
The story seems to pick up right where the first film left off.
The cinematography is in your face following tight on practically everything.
Just leave it alone.
As talented and versatile as Matt Damon is.
it seems as though he was just meant to play Jason Bourne.
It sticks to what works and adds a little more.
The fights between Bourne and the assassins are always fun to watch.
If you choose to watch The Bourne Ultimatum without watching the previous 2 installments.
This allows you to appreciate and enjoy the movie even more.
Matt Damon was simply fantastic as his role as Jason Bourne.
I look forward to seeing more of his movies in the future.
I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown.
I also thought Rachel was terrifically fresh and funny in these scenes.
I think Rachel showed a natural progression in the character that was brilliant.
And she did it with an authenticity and freshness that was totally endearing.
I hope it brings a flood of great roles her way in the future.
I also hope it brings her an Emmy.
All I have to say to that is.
He really becomes Jason Bourne in this installment.
So I went out and bought both the original movies.
And what a surprise it was to me when I was gripped by them.
Because of this I was first in line today to see the Bourne Ultimatum.
The supporting cast of the movie were also absolutely outstanding.
But running throughout the movie is a very well written and well acted storyline.
This storyline concludes in the best way imaginable in this movie.
Well the action in Ultimatum has to be the best of the Bourne series.
In fact the movie kicks off with an action sequence in Moscow.
There was a lot to worry for when the Bourne Supremacy came out.
The stakes were raised and the story was enhanced because of it.
No one could have done it better than Matt Damon.
This is the first 10 out of 10 that I have given any movie.
This shot effectively captures the mood of the film.
The pacing is just incredible.
Ultimatum is its peak.
He has been running for too long.
Matt Damon delivers possibly his best performance to date.
He has the conviction and swelling desire of the troubled assassin.
There are some intelligent humor here and some fine suspense.
The audience was loving it.
All of the goods and then some.
The best of the trilogy.
This is how summer movie thrillers should be done.
I love the Bourne trilogy.
I do not hand out ten star ratings easily.
I think it adds to the suspense.
I loved this movie.
now they wished they had.
I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS.
Now this movie will join my collection.
Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.
And it really manages to captivate your attention for every minute.
I'm a Belgian and grew up in the sixties.
I even got the View Master slides.
I had an urge to see the caped crusader.
All kids need some kind of hero.
They play themselves as they played their parts in the series.
I'm gonna watch it again.
I really enjoyed this.
I watched this last night with low expectations.
I'm glad I did.
It was pretty good.
Adam West and Burt Ward reunite as themselves.
This is told in flashback.
It was well done.
I loved this movie.
now they wished they had.
I have all of the original 120 episodes on VHS.
Now this movie will join my collection.
Thank You for the reunion Adam and Burt.
I'm making a copy for my kids right now.
It was very well done.
This downgrades the accuracy of the flashbacks needlessly.
There are many kinds of reunion shows.
These have mixed results.
New characters are introduced who do not fit the mix.
The Adam West of the movie is a man demented.
The whole thing is extremely funny and done with great panache.
The movie builds to a fairly obvious but funny climax.
I am Black American and I loved this soap opera.
This soap opera was the best soap opera EVER.
They are all alright.
It is the kind of sitcom that grows on you.
The humor is usually very mature too.
She looks good without make up too.
Take a trip back to the greatest time in American history.
This is one of the better comedies that has ever been on television.
Season one was hilarious as were most of the following seasons.
The only good part of the final season was the finale.
A large amount of the show revolves around how their relationship is working.
Kitty is just the opposite.
Bob also annoys Red to his full extent.
This is when the characters are beginning to feel new things for each other.
It is a basic continuation of the First.
The Third Season is my favorite.
It went back and captured the First Season feel and humor.
The Fifth Season is the last season I enjoyed all the way through.
The Fifth Season also had the best ending out of all the seasons.
The Sixth Season is good for the most part.
The Last Season flat out sucked.
I hated the Eighth Season up until the last episode.
It is up to you if you want to buy Season 8.
This show is wonderful.
It has some of the best writing I ever seen.
This show appeals to the young and the young at heart.
I love this show.
I'm not completely sure why.
Not this one though.
They even went to school sometimes.
The following seasons the character where fledged out.
I enjoyed seeing the two characters interact because they are the most different.
Last I will say that the casting of guest actors were always great.
This show is a great history story.
Even down to homosexuality.
She is so desperate to be loved that she destroys everyone around her.
Although I would love to see the unedited version.
The humor is what keeps the show eternally watchable.
They constantly play gags on the Point Place residents as well as each other.
Too bad that that show is on bad time for me.
He got these glasses which h are brown.
We all know what he does when his alone.
He wants to get laid badly.
He even had it with his boss in one episode.
His one big pussy.
Donna is one hot girl.
But I wish it would come back and make more episodes.
The show was absolutely hilarious.
Those were the best episodes.
It will be and always will be the best show ever.
It was really sad when the show ended.
They should make new episodes.
No other show does camera tricks like this.
Overall this is a very funny sitcom.
They are both great characters and always have something funny to say.
She really showed her acting talent before heading to Broadway.
This show has been a delight with many surprises.
and the series lets you forget all that.
I am about three years older than the kids portrayed in the series.
Then there are the parents.
I absolutely LOVED this Soap.
It has been one of my favorite.
I can not wait to see it again and highly recommend it.
Hope you all like it as well.
I do not know how you can like this show.
I would give it 4 out of 10.
before going out doing something they will regret later.
I was so sad they took the show off air.
This was one of the funniest and greatest sitcom to hit national television.
Season 8 was the real problem kicked in.
Season 8 was a little dull but the finale was excellent.
This show has come so far.
They stuck with the show and it was a success.
This is a cute and sad little story of cultural difference.
There was something honest about it.
Rarely does an independent film leave me feeling as good as his did.
A very promising first film.
An imagination is a terrible thing to waste .
especially when you have talented actors.
Anyone who has shared an apartment with a slob will be crying with laughter.
Cross Eyed is a rare gem.
Despite the tiny budget Adam Jones manages to give the film a serious look.
I can not wait to see what he comes up with next.
I had honest laughs.
Just keep going and be who you are.
Dreams are what you make of them.
Hope to see more.
Even the peripheral roles are well written and well acted.
Adam Jones has a brilliant sense of humor.
Cross Eyed was beautifully shot.
Cross Eyed gives hope to every low budget film out there.
That you do not have to spend a lot to create something worth watching.
There is something to like for everyone.
If you have had a terrible roommate.
if you have ever picked on a dork in high school.
if you have ever parked anywhere in the city.
I can not wait for his sophomore effort.
It is only a matter of time before Jones strikes again.
Without that a comedy is just a bunch of ideas.
They sneak up on you.
In this sense the film breathes.
Stepping between reality and surreality IS one of the points of this movie.
The dining room scenes are an absolute HOOT.
Put on your seat belt.
The standouts where the actors.
I also really liked the vigilante duo.
Well done to Adam Jones and crew.
The audience loved this movie.
Cross Eyed will keep you laughing throughout the movie.
Definitely a must see.
George meets and falls in love with the sweet and virginal Dr.
George regains his health and goes back to work.
Worth a look for those seeking something different.
It was really surprising how good this one turned out to be.
The beautiful doctor seems OK with this arranged marriage.
It is simply how it is done in her world.
I was surprised to find myself so engrossed in this operatically tragic tale.
I imagine many viewers were a bit frustrated by all this drama.
I was especially impressed by the extra attention to details.
He has a whole miniature forest built out of these amazing trees.
When i finally got it i found that the video version was longer.
voted ten against all averages for my age and sex.
my summary describes it best in very few words.
I find this movie very enjoyable.
Turns out to be very nice.
Romero can be a bit frantic here but Niven becomes hilariously bemused throughout.
I was having just about the worst day of my life.
But it is really so much more.
The plot is actually quite clever and creatively woven.
Time to watch this movie again.
This is without a doubt the greatest film ever made.
It will all become clear.
the white subtitles tend to wash out and become invisible.
This movie is amazing for several reasons.
Harris takes an extremely awkward documentary and turns it into a relevant social commentary.
He struggles to gain acceptance within his own community to no avail.
There is nothing that I know of that resembles this film.
It is its own genre.
I doubt that anything like it will ever be made again.
And it only gets better with age and repeated viewings.
This is how i felt while watching this film.
Another one of those fact is stranger than fiction pieces of film.
A film not to miss.
I have not seen anything else like it.
conflict with each other.
But some actors portray totally different characters.
Sorry to keep on blabbing.
Once upon a time in a castle.
And Evelyn almost uses the dagger against Kitty.
The grandfather intervenes and the worst is avoided.
They were sisters and hated each other.
But he assures them that this is just an old legend.
This is the very beginning of the film.
There are many twists and surprises in the film.
This is a great Canadian comedy series.
You will be glad you did.
10 out of 9.
TV how TV should be.
I loved this movie and will watch it again.
Original twist to Plot of Man vs Man vs Self.
His eyes conveyed more than most actors words.
I really liked this movie.
Kurt gets angry and kills everyone.
Please note that the below mark is only a guide.
7 out of 10.
I have to say I quite enjoyed Soldier.
Russell was very good as this trained psychopath rediscovering his humanity.
Very watchable and nowhere near as bad as I would been led to believe.
Yes it has problems but provides its share of entertainment.
Interesting mix of comments that it would be hard to add anything constructive to.
This was a very good action film with some great set pieces.
You will note I specified the genre.
I could go on but I have made my comment.
If it is not quite as outstanding an artistic leap as W.
SOLDIER is not as bad as many have made it out to be.
The costumes are like something from a mad max movie .
I fell in love with this silent action drama.
Kurt Russell and only Kurt Russell could have played this so well.
I miss the fact that sequels were never made.
3 or so stars.
I have my reasons.
The portrayal is spot on.
Fear and Discipline we are told.
There are many other subtle themes.
Watch Soldier with an open mind and see what it teaches YOU.
This is a great movie.
The story is very well done and there are no holes.
Jason Scott Lee being one of them.
For a while he lives there but can not adjust to normal life.
The military starts realizing this and Todd kills all of their men but one.
Russell obviously comes out on top.
This has everything you could ask for in a film including some great lines.
Which in a lot of ways are still relevant to today.
Interviews done by a young woman named Lena.
Essentially they are parallel films.
thanks for your time.
I have not seen Soldier 2 but this one it one of my favorites.
Both sequences are quite gripping in different ways.
And you know what it worked.
I do not remember this film getting a cinema release over here.
I only saw it when it came onto cable.
It is almost a mime performance.
David Webb Peoples meets Paul Anderson.
I do not think you will be disappointed.
The Barefoot Executive and his John Carpenter films.
The actors are maybe not so handsome or beautiful but they do act beautifully.
I think this film could make it abroad as well.
I thought it was an extremely clever film.
One of the best Finnish films ever made.
Half a dozen short stories of varying interest enlighten us about life in Finland.
This indicates that the events depicted happen at the same time.
The film improves so stick with it.
The last moments with his wife are both convincing and moving.
Movies like this are good to feed your imaginative power.
I was particularly impressed by two episodes.
This movie has it all.
every type of crime movie archetype character is here.
Truly a great film loaded with laughs and great acting.
I saw this movie with my dad.
It was on Star Movies one afternoon.
It really caught pace after the first half hour.
I can watch this film anytime.
A perfect comedy for a lazy afternoon.
And i remember almost every scene that was in the add.
All star cast trying to commit the perfect bank bust but nothing goes right.
It has enough action and laughs to sustain it.
A perfect laid back Sunday morning movie.
Had never heard of it previously.
A great combination of cast and writing.
This movie needs your full attention.
The humor is mostly in the dialog.
I believe my next viewing will probably be about my 12th.
I like this film for several reasons.
One of the best ones is DISORGANIZED CRIME.
This does not always guarantee anything.
Unfortunately it is a truck carrying manure.
It gets it is meaning across.
The plot is tight.
The acting is flawless.
A lot of comedy involved is them feeling each other out.
He gets the drop on O'Neill and escapes.
Murphy would have written.
She stores every bit of information she collects in an enormous archive.
I like to think of it as much more than that.
This film is a buried treasure.
Give it a try.
Pretty remarkable if you consider the context.
These two characters would not have had much to do with each other.
Like an old friend.
Definitely worth seeing if you get the chance.
Every scene was put together perfectly.
This movie had a wonderful cast and crew.
He has the ability to brighten up any movie with his amazing talent.
This is a movie with a good sense of feeling.
Chances Are uses that marvelous song by the same name throughout the film.
is excellent in this movie.
You will enjoy Chances Are.
I have just seen this movie for the second time on television.
Yet it is executed to perfection.
I thought it was a wonderful plot.
She has a sexy maturity.
is so charming that he melts the screen.
Even his smile is infectious.
Nay Sayers of this film are likely bitter from some seriously unrequited love.
Chances Are had me back a few good times.
I also watch the synergy between the cast.
I thought they worked well together.
you will have to find out for yourself.
by matter of opinion.
You really want to know how things are going to work out.
Enter Robert Downey Jr.
I do not know the answer.
But I do know that you need to see this movie.
It just gets recycled.
A charming romantic comedy.
Suffice to say it is worth seeing.
and Cybill Shepherd are in top form and enjoying every second of it.
He is told he can return to earth but not as himself.
The film is a little on the predictable side.
A lovely and charming fantasy that will engulf and enchant you.
I hope I can find it at a local video store.
I would highly recommend giving it a try if you find it somewhere.
I first saw this movie when I was about 10 years old.
This is really not an ordinary horror movie.
It has some horror elements but I rather categorize it as fantasy.
I liked it but I hoped for a bit more horror and scary scenes.
Now to the plot.
This movie is about a young girl named Anna who gets ill.
She makes a mistake and her father is looking very angry on the painting.
And next time she falls asleep the horror begins.
Her dreams became a horrendous nightmare.
The doctors thought that she fell into a coma or so.
There were a few thing I did not understand in the movie.
First of all it was the ending which I absolutely dislike.
It almost ruined the main horror scene.
I liked the boy.
The actor was awesome.
He was even better than Anna.
Overall a good movie.
I give it a 8 out of 10.
This is a wonderfully written and well acted psychological drama.
I also appreciated the absence of Dr.
Phil psychobabble or New Age revisionism.
The first such scene is very realistic.
I especially thought Charlotte Burke was really excellent here.
Great story and characters.
The only exception for this film was the ending.
It is definitely a keeper.
I heartily recommend it to those who appreciate the stretch of their imagination.
But none where satisfactory.
So Anna decides to draw her father in.
But I have found what I was looking for after 2 years.
While you may find this puppy in your horror section it is anything but.
A much deserved Burnout Central award only seems proper for that performance.
Drawings have never been scarier.
everything starts getting really weird.
The bits with the father are really terrifying.
There seems to be a lot going on in this film.
I love things like that.
This is a way cool fantasy movie.
She really does give a great performance in this film.
A very emotional experience indeed.
I would read numerous reports on its widely touted controversy and explicit sex.
This touch gives her even more believability out necessity.
I can not more highly recommend this thought provoking piece.
Be prepared to invest much thought in this deliberately paced film.
Very unusual fantasy with some truly terrifying moments.
But if you are game for something different this fits the bill.
This film opened to poor showings in the first few weeks.
Such a film of beauty that it is hard to describe.
The music and dancing is of the highest possible quality.
The ultimate homage to a great film actress.
The film is a masterpiece of poetry on the screen.
Like great poetry it is timeless.
There are many details you miss the first time that deserve a second look.
A great film requiring an acquired taste.
Even then it comes second to this masterpiece.
Their music and cinematography leaves you spell bound.
It reveals new layers to you every time you watch it again.
A parody of all the dreams you have ever had.
The film is visually overwhelming but also emotionally breathtaking.
In some scenes the strain definitely shows in her face.
This is not a fast moving film.
Great viewing for art cinema lovers.
This is a great film.
The Hollywood epic films are good.
However suitable for Homer pathos and existentialist reflections.
Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads.
Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone.
She possesses what it takes to keep an audience in captivity.
Her voice is as beautiful as ever and will truly impress you.
She gives her all every time she is on stage.
I will treasure this concert for a very long time.
In love with Burlesque.
especially if you are a baseball fan.
Many people would enjoy this masterpiece if it had at list the English subtitles.
I found this film to be a good family film.
I recommend this picture for the entire family.
Check them both out.
Somebody mastered the difficult task of merging sports with romance.
I never thought it could be done.
but I do like sports and most movies about sports.
This movie was a pretty good mix of the two.
This was a very good movie that could appeal to many.
I can not recall ever watching one.
I also do not recall watching a Jimmy Fallon movie.
She just captivates me that way.
I could smell the atmosphere of Baseball.
I thought the ending was a little abrupt.
I think Fever Pitch will help him out a lot.
It does not spoil the story telling.
Among the cast Irene Pappas as Penelope is the most recognizable to North Americans.
The love is between the two young lovers.
He is funny enough and gets the most laughs.
Barrymore on the other hand is the same old Barrymore.
Mike Leonard September 05.
I would say it will be a classical romantic comedy.
I have to say I was favorable impressed.
The movie shocked me.
Personally i had herd mostly bad buzz.
The best thing about the movie is it is consistency with the relationship.
but this movie did not follow that mold.
I will simply say i like it.
I have to admit that I went into Fever Pitch with low expectations.
I was already preparing some cheesy baseball puns for my review.
But it is real.
This is a great movie for the true romantics and sports lovers alike.
Drew Barrymore is at her best in this movie.
Louis and it is a happy ending all around.
Fever Pitch is a fun enough movie.
You do not have to be a fan to enjoy this film.
7 out of 10.
While the ending borrows heavily from O.
I saw this movie on Thursdays night after having a really boring day.
Why can not I meet a cute nerd like that.
Sunday on a Thursdays.
Probably the fact that we do not have that sport here in Norway.
I rate it a 7 out of 10 as a romantic comedy.
Add one point if you are a baseball fan or romantically involved with one.
That says something in itself.
We expect that from her and she delivered.
But Fallon is the nice surprise in this film.
Fallon delivers his lines with subtle perfection.
But the town council afraid the raw methods carried out by Clint .
The highlights are the burning at Saloon and the climatic showdown at the ending.
Watchable results for this offbeat Western.
The entire film is very well shot and the cast is very enjoyable.
They personalize perfectly the characters.
This film makes a strong comment about the Italian people of the time.
I love them both.
Preparations for historical appointment with Mussolini.
The meeting of two different worlds.
Refuge for a mother with a sad life.
Short filling for a classical victim.
A story about solitude and silence.
A pleading for a ineffable relation with reality.
And with your interior world.
They are both excellent actors and play the main roles of Antonietta and Gabriele.
The movie covers a span of a few hours.
Most of the characters grapple with issues related to their own sexualities.
He acts as a real man who does not beg for pity.
When I read the original many years later I experienced that same sensation.
Then both develop a very enjoyable relationship in spite of their differences.
An unrelentingly passionate romance between two conflicting characters.
Magnificent performances from two pros make a splendid movie well worth seeing.
The film won deservedly Golden Globes 1978 to best Foreign Film.
The reason for that I will not reveal.
Antonietta feels what we feel.
We see how she does her hair to look attractive for the man.
Loren plays the scenes very good as well.
This is a movie you should see.
Our two heroes are not invited for the feast of virility.
She thinks she should be happy.
One of the last shots shows her listening to the news on the radio.
I like many things about the film.
it is a true gift.
This SPECIAL DAY is truly special.
A wonder of refinement.
There already are excellent comments dealing with these aspects.
I want to comment on the formal setting of the film.
She has to stay at home since the family can not afford a maid.
There is one exception though.
The film really takes off when these two people meet by chance.
This is a beautifully crafted movie with two of the most talented actors ever.
Loren proves here that she is an actress of caliber when well directed.
Entirely shot in natural locations in the Mediterranean.
The cast is brilliant and international here.
Strange that he was never offered roles of this dimension afterwards.
There were not many versions of the Odyssey before or after that.
Perhaps I missed something during the coarse of the series that explained that part.
Both of these are more epic than anything I have ever seen or read.
I highly recommend this.
The only merit in the film is that earth does face overpopulation.
A later film like Escape From New York is an obvious progeny.
In this movie the year 2022 looks much like the seventies.
8 out of 10.
The human race breeds like roaches with no outside influence to curtail it.
the human race still multiplies like bacteria in a petri dish.
6 billion and growing.
One can only hope to ever achieve and retain such humility themselves.
This film shows what can be done shot on video.
Both Charlton Heston and Edward G.
There should be more scenes of what they do to people.
How people act in 2022.
Even if you still know what the secret is it is a great movie.
Not often have i had the feeling of a movie it could be visionary.
But clearly this movie has the seed of a premonition.
A snapshot of ourselves at old age.
The only people who can live in comfort are the rich.
Great scenes with Edward G.
TV is a good wash brain.
Since writing all stop.
If you like reality show this movie is not for you.
If you believe all politician same too.
You are almost choked by the stench from the city and its filthy inhabitants.
The characters are wonderful.
The polluted air outside looks disgusting and very nasty.
The empty city streets filled with the vile and putrid people are very unsettling.
Many a film buff and environmentalist believe this is our eventual history.
The first is a food executive named William R.
At the time it was actually a huge box office success.
It was actually at least fifteen years ahead of its time.
If you look closely you will see everything usually makes sense.
After that it was all overblown disaster epics and big budget crowd pleasing trash.
Environmentalists always hail this film as showing the consequence of global warming.
We have exhausted the planet and we have to eat our dead to survive.
This was the farewell performance of Edward G.
And what the heck is going on between Heston and Edward G.
Just when you thought you would seen everything .
The film begins with a murder and a subsequent investigation headed by Charlton Heston.
Robinson in his final screen performance as the crusty sidekick to Heston.
I never would have thought it.
I prefer more vulnerable heroes.
I can understand why some people would turn their noses up at this movie.
had a twelve film Charlton Heston retrospective.
Their chemistry together is wonderful.
I just wonder why this film has not played in theaters all these years.
Its reputation should be better.
All of which makes his key scene in the movie all the more poignant.
Several things make this film a classic.
The story is solid.
The music is absolutely perfect.
This was the icing on the cake for the film.
Directed by Emilio P.
Still I was never bored.
As a camp classic I give this an 8.
It could have been much worse and it often was.
I can not say more without spoiling things.
They certainly do not make movies like these anymore.
Marlene Dietrich and Charles Boyer give solid performances in this beautiful but empty film.
The irony is that Dietrich plays a woman with a beautiful but empty life.
well I'm not sure.
I can not help but think he would have been wonderful.
She looks great and wears some terrific clothes.
I heartily agree with the other reviewers who rave about the Technicolor.
Aubrey Smith as a wise old priest.
THE GARDEN OF ALLAH was the first Technicolor film to be shot on location.
Selznick finally gave in.
The remainder of the film was shot on a Hollywood sound stage.
I loved This Movie.
the Movies is about some serial killer killing off four girls.
I discovered this film after reading the book that inspired it.
But I found the primary appeal of this movie to be aural.
This is easily a 9.
He is the perfect psychopath.
A movie certain not to be forgotten soon by the viewer.
Just got out and can not believe what a brilliant documentary this is.
Rarely do you walk out of a movie theater in such awe and amazement.
This film was amazing.
It is an inspiring piece of cinema.
This film id a true example of man vs.
nature and sometimes man vs.
The inner turmoil and triumph is tremendous in its subject matter.
This film sheds light on a particular culture that has never been showcased.
I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival.
But it was so much more.
She sends him a letter inviting him to come and visit her students.
Although this is technically about blind Tibetan kids climbing Mt.
Her look over her shoulder at her Iraq tour was .
God Save our country.
Pleases help me with this.
If so who would I contact.
I will gladly pay for the privilege providing it is a legitimate link.
Thank you so much for any help you can offer.
These are NOT fatal flaws of the film.
What this movie further shows is a truth common to all wars.
This film illustrates the costs to the men and women perfectly.
A more balanced point of view would speak to a larger audience.
I am reminded of my father and his brothers returning from WWII.
For one of my uncles the war was never over.
For him the memories not only lingered but tortured him.
The tag line from the Vietnam war film Platoon says it all.
I saw this film tonight in NYC at the Landmark Sunshine.
I gave it an 8 only because it had received such low votes.
this is definitely really about a 5.
that sometimes gets old.
It also portrays the effect that killing has on the human psyche.
Now the conditions may be better in most of those countries.
at least on some level.
Darkness in Tallinn was made in 1993.
He has tried his best to infuse as many possible doses of Estonian humor.
This is why one can call it a comedy film of political undertones.
A nice film to watch on a sunny day.
I first saw this at a foreign film festival.
RENT OR BUY IT NOW.
This film is a wonderfully simplistic work.
I would recommend this film to anyone.
Some genre films need to be dressed up.
This one was an exception.
He invites her out to dinner.
This incident scars her.
They strike a friendship.
He also does drugs and Maya starts using as well.
In other words introduces her to a different world.
Rosario Dawson portrays the role with focus and endurance.
This film deserves an award.
I hope this group continues making films.
We already know what the film is about.
The creepiest being the opening scene in the morgue.
And the audiovisual maze was sinister.
I agree that this is an incredibly brave film.
This movie leaves the intellectual mind thinking and trying to analyze the story.
I too can not understand why people would trash this movie.
This movie presents high degree of realism.
I can not wait to get the soundtrack.
And hard to forget.
Too bad it was way too blunt for a widespread appeal.
I rented this movie simply because Rosario Dawson was in it.
Some people think they enjoy film but they are sadly mistaken.
Entertainment is rarely artful and even then only arbitrarily.
Descent is a film.
The film as a whole is beautiful.
All this accomplished by Rosario with facial expression and gesture.
The worst things that happen never leave you.
They are always in your thoughts.
They haunt you until that last thing releases you.
I have seen Irreversible and can understand the comparisons.
I certainly did and intently.
I'm 24 years old.
The way the film drags made it realistic to me.
not the act itself.
not the vengeance or the meaning behind it.
I had a great time.
I give the movie 7.
5 starts out of a possible 10 stars.
You can envision the typical college environment with wild parties and flirtations going on.
The photography in this film was excellent.
It appears like any other relationship in the beginning.
Both played this well.
Very innocent flirtation between the two.
He invites her to his apartment and everything falls apart.
The apartment is very dreary and dark.
This actually reminded me of a dungeon.
Here is where he shows his true colors and proceeds to rape her.
This is a very dark and gritty rape scene.
This scene is not for the young or weak at heart.
Maya now starts to lose her soul to drugs and sex.
She falls into her own abyss.
He is actually the one who introduces Maya to drugs.
They begin a relationship of dependency which comes into play later in the movie.
The club scenes at this point of the movie are photographed with extreme expertise.
What unfolds next is not actually whats happening.
She acts interested in Jared.
She appears to be looking to revive the relationship and be sweethearts again.
I was sitting there saying could this really be happening.
Nothing could be farther from the truth.
Now her apartment is dark and gritty.
She has him strip down completely.
She then teases him like any woman can.
This is where Adrian reenters the picture.
She thinks this is the final revenge.
It only makes matters worse.
I would just be a little hesitant if under 17 years of age.
The directing and photography must also be commended.
It was a night that I enjoyed.
Deadpan humor taken to the extreme.
I still hope to see this one again with English or Dutch subs.
A documentary without a loss for words.
A thumbs up if you are in the mood for something completely different.
At times the visual experiment here is as exhilarating as it can be irritating.
Considering it is his first movie he did a good job.
It should go pretty well.
The cast was great.
Surprisingly I thought Dylan McDermott gave the best performance as a homicidal cop.
I was really expecting a lot of cheesiness to be honest.
I would say it is worth seeing.
All the performances have a freshness and vitality about them.
He was great from the beginning.
Maybe the same is true of Spielberg.
There is no such a thing as perfect murder.
He kills his partner Jim Ferris who had plans on going solo.
And returns for one more question.
How he makes the omelet and everything.
Back for one more question.
At least that is the feeling this movie left me with.
His charismatic personality was highly infectious.
But this is still a great episode.
However it improved afterwards as the Valentine Party commenced.
The earlier murders are frustratingly devoid of gore.
He is a mystery writer who plots to perform the perfect murder.
The climax is the most disappointing aspect of this episode.
I am a big Beatles fan.
I was not disappointed by this movie.
The writers of this story knew these men very well.
I sat down to watch this film with much trepidation and little hope.
At times it seemed that Harris was channeling Lennon.
I am quite sure the Beatles would have come back together at some stage.
And I am quite certain that Lennon and McCartney would still be friends today.
I will watch it again and again.
this was a real guilt pleasure .
I still wonder why I watched this movie.
The ending was also very smart.
My favorite moment is probably the touching rooftop scene.
I remember how hard it was when John was shot.
I was impressed with his accent and mannerisms.
Jared Harris is also very talented and was quite believable as John.
What an AMAZING movie this was.
The comedic aspects of the movie were wonderful.
Worthy of at least an 8 out of 10.
But I was more than a bit pleasantly surprised.
You also certainly wondered how things went.
I do like the way most of the episodes focused on comedy.
scrappy was a breath of fresh air to the show.
Back to the show.
All the episodes and segments were very funny.
If you have never seen these episodes please do.
The character was tiresome and distracting to the story that was being told.
This show started out with great mystery episodes.
I think everyone is in the first 15 or 16 episodes.
Some of the voice actors became unavailable.
So they had to make more shorts.
I wish they were mysteries like 15 episodes.
Still it is a good show.
Valentine is now one of my favorite slasher films.
The death scenes are elaborate and the most of the acting is good.
The exception to the list of good actors is Denise Richards.
She was horrible in this.
Both films have a lot of smiles through the tears.
Both are Art movies that would get directly to the hearts of the viewers.
A film to live with.
It will display the overwhelming love of life along with human eccentricities.
It was packed with excitement and surprises.
Cactus and Terry win the titles in the end.
Big heat for Tyson.
R is even out of breath.
But at the Royal Rumble a new contender had emerged.
Stone Cold Steve Austin.
1 contenders for the tag titles.
I love this movie.
It was one of my favorite movies.
The action never stops.
The whole movie was done very well.
The ending is really good.
It was very original.
Whoever thought up this movie gets a standing ovation from me.
The acting was great.
Luke Perry did an excellent job once again.
I give this movie the highest rating.
The film has one Peach of a line.
This movie was pretty good.
This film is full of surprises.
The only thing that this movie had too much of was exploding cars.
Not as bad a film as i thought it would be.
It has a good cast.
Also a good use of unseen locations such as Luxembourg.
This film is underrated.
It was truly sweet and heartfelt.
Instead the issue is Victor is immature and needs to grow up.
It is very interesting and unsettling.
I'm surprised how many people give this move less than 7 stars.
But they just do not understand the movie.
The story is about growing up in a difficult situation.
There is a crazy grandmother who really wants the best for your grandchildren.
And the reason is because they understand the movie.
I feel sorry for the low scores given by some people.
I frankly do not have anything else to say.
Raising Victor Vargas is so true you will believe it.
This flick gets inside your head.
Raising Victor Vargas is a movie you definitely need to see.
It is so much like real life with what teenagers have to go through.
Thats how much feeling this movie has.
It made me feel real sorry for him like it was real.
The convoluted plot held my interest throughout.
A second viewing might just clear this up.
This movie works because it feels so genuine.
and thankfully not filled to the brim with cutesy pop culture references.
or as Bicycle Thief did.
This film is quite an achievement.
but Raising Victor Vargas is easily one of the best.
I have a feeling that this is a film that will be remembered.
although I have to admit that Bully was a cut above his normal fare.
Raising Victor Vargas is one film you will kick yourself for missing.
This movie feels like a film project.
Characters are kind of uninvolved and naive though.
This provides for some predictable but well done conflict.
A good watch but nothing stirring.
But I found nothing inauthentic or exploitative about these kids.
Let a thousand plastic flowers bloom.
He is a natural.
From a cinematographic I thought there was great use of light and texture.
This is just one of those films that is very culturally specific and particular.
True fans of film will love this authentic movie.
The dialog is great.
I felt that the natural lighting enhanced the character of the film.
Splendid supporting cast makes this a fun mystery to unravel.
I always enjoy Thomas Gomez.
His mad facial expressions made up for the off kilter stick sync.
8 out of 10.
is unsung hero of this and many movies.
A few twists that keep you moving.
But Curtis just seems to give up.
But the film survives this weakness.
People who do not like slasher movies will not like this movie.
As simple as that.
At least it does for me.
Cook deserved some acclaim for his frenzied performance.
Elisha Cook Jr was DUBBED in the movie.
The mopey bartender gives them both the eye as they leave.
Curtis is convicted and sentenced to die.
They visit the supposed witnesses again.
I laughed out loud.
Thomas Gomez is always reliable.
I do not know why it is considered as classic.
His use of shadows is quietly effective.
Glad I got it.
And the bartender remembers Scott but not the woman.
Neither does the cab driver.
There is some great storytelling done in the camera.
It is a terrific picture to look at.
I thought Tone was a little hammy.
is so delirious it has to be seen to be believed.
Another standout scene is when Kansas goes after the bartender to question him.
Some real good tension in there.
Sometimes these are the best kind of dates.
God knows why she stuck by him.
It moves quickly and just looks fantastic.
There are only a few flaws that prevent this from being perfect.
Tone gives a dreadful performance.
Also Curtis is stiff and bland as Henderson.
Also the last scene when the murderer is after her never rings true.
Still I'm giving this a 9.
This is definitely a move in the right direction.
Denise Richards stands out here as a fun character.
I loved her in this movie.
It may not even sneak into the top fifty.
Little by little she starts putting pieces of a murder mystery puzzle together.
You will know the scene once the last cymbal crash has finished ringing out.
Franchot Tone phoned this one in.
This is a film that will hook any viewer from the beginning.
The killer is not revealed until the end.
She holds her own against much more experienced actors.
This movie will not disappoint.
Nevertheless I was engaged by the hook of the Phantom Lady.
He is no stock villain.
Superb character actor Elisha Cook Jr.
The rest of the supporting cast is also more than competent.
I got it for Christmas after two months of dropping hints to my parents.
I am glad that I did that.
I would recommend this game to anyone from the age of 13 and over.
The graphics a pretty good in this James bond game.
One is Bond focus.
The other notable feature is the stealth and mle kills.
The basic game does have other flaws.
It ties in with the aspect that you are a deadly and ruthless spy.
I'm not a follower of a certain movie genre.
Unlike Urban Legends the screenplay and the story line is very weak.
Everybody has loved the soundtrack as far as I know.
I am glad I did.
It was very entertaining listening to Sean Connery and playing the game.
The only thing I might change was the upgrade system.
I really liked the Q copter.
I think the developers did a good job.
Pulley as Big Jule.
I find it to have a rather shrill quality.
I will not try to speculate as to what Brando was attempting.
Guys and Dolls has to be one of my favorite musical movies ever.
It is a very fun movie to watch and nothing more.
Big splashy film of the Broadway music.
The songs are all good and the dancing is incredible.
The real show stopper is at the crap game at the end.
Her song and dance numbers are definite highlights here.
I give it a 7.
The dialog is also unique in that no contractions are used.
A real joy is the MUSIC.
Not bad for a director with no experience in this type of movie.
Another quality is that it is fresh each time one sees it.
Frank Sinatra is that devilish Nathan Detroit.
Those dance and singing routines are fabulous.
She was pleasantly surprised by the singing voices of Jean Simmons and Marlon Brando.
Directed by Joseph L.
It would be easy to call Guys and Dolls great.
This is what the musical genre was made of.
Frank Sinatra was wonderful.
Nothing else needs to be said.
It is a true classic that can be appreciated at any age.
It connects with all audiences and makes you smile and laugh.
The storyline can be told in two sentences.
The acting is very uneven.
Delightful and very different.
Guys and Dolls is a movie itching for a remake.
Its two main stars are either dead or 409 pounds.
The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious.
whatever it is called.
I really did not like the art direction in this film.
The fake Times Square was just so completely phony it drew attention to itself.
Jean Simmons shines as Sarah Brown.
I love this movie.
My only disappointment was that some of the original songs were changed.
I really thought Jean Simmons was perfect for this part.
I thought the movie was well cast.
A must for old school horror fans.
you have been forewarned.
I got cider in my ear.
wish some guy would sing like that to ME.
She really makes you feel for Adelaide.
maybe I like them equally.
One of the best things about this movie is their lingo.
Guys and Dolls is a unique play based on the characters.
Nathan ran a crap game in the missionary the night they were gone.
The songs in this movie are just wonderful no matter who sings it.
Vivien Blaine had a terrific voice and was the perfect Adelaide.
We watch a magnificent cast of characters that were typical of the area.
Some of the songs from the original production were not included in the film.
These were distinguished actors that could have made an amazing contribution.
The look follows closely the fashions of the times.
Frank Sinatra is good as Nathan Detroit.
Vivian Blaine is a delight.
Stubby Kaye makes a wonderful job out of reprising his Nicely Nicely Johnson.
Isle of Man locations.
They have a great website which is worth checking out.
I think all you people are expecting too much.
and that is my opinion.
I have seen this movie twice with my teenagers who love it.
Kathleen Turner shines as the stepmother.
The melancholy prince is a great departure from the typical swashbuckler.
Hopefully Blockbuster or Amazon will start stocking this one sometime soon.
this film was almost a great imaginative film.
This movie was an imaginative twist on the Cinderella theme.
Everything but production values.
And you can almost never say that.
Most films would never even expect such a thing of you.
The acting ties much of this story together.
I see myself in this.
I see how I saw the world.
I personalized and identified with his character.
I could NOT really feel sorry for these two.
Both did NOT deal with their problems effectively.
They really did NOTHING for the film and were totally ridiculous.
I felt his role should have been elaborated.
The players were just doing what they felt was adequate and sufficient.
I actually wanted to be a part of this family.
They were so realistic.
It is VERY depressing until pretty much the very end.
A horrible tragedy strikes a Montana family.
But they just can not.
Something is blocking this family from sharing their sorrows.
The story is very quiet and naturalistic.
These boys have apparently never taken a hunter safety course.
Second man then passes him the gun through the fence.
He does not even run for help after his brother is shot.
His family seems to shun him.
Perhaps they are even angry at him for killing his brother.
They really do not even try to talk to him.
The acting is hauntingly distant in most cases.
Some even may be advised to bring some tissues.
8 of 10 stars.
I do not think a movie like this would be released today.
The performances are all top notch and quietly nuanced.
I want to thank all of you who saw this movie and enjoyed it.
not to mention the affect everything had on my mother and little sister.
Harder even to believe that people were still watching it a year ago.
Our thoughts and prayers are with each and every one of you.
I first saw this when it premiered more than ten years ago.
I saw it again today and it still had a big impact on me.
I really like this film.
I think this movie should have been in theaters.
I enjoyed it very much.
Every character had an element of the color purple in them.
Good Job to all the cast and crew.
I thought this movie was good.
Plus a movie with Michelle Rodriguez is always good.
I finally watched it this week and what a delight.
Adrian and her coach were also quite good.
Another powerful chick flick.
That alone makes the movie worth the price.
Diana decides boxing would be a good way of focusing her anger.
I liked the relationship between Diana and Adrian.
Santiago Douglas as Adrian is excellent.
Watch how their emotions towards each other are shaped by the squared circle.
You could tell that she was a tough woman.
She is more a bad girl and that is what I like about her.
I recommend it to be seen.
Diana is a feminist.
The movie points out the problems some families face with gender.
I was a bit concerned with the ending.
I think it was pretty clear by the title that she would win.
Loved the score for some of the scenes.
All actors had chemistry on screen and made this movie even more amazing.
This movie is a real gem.
But I do not want to discourage people from watching this film.
I gave it an 8.
There are some remarkable performances here.
Check out this movie.
But I was wrong.
It just looked real I think.
but not by a girl.
Diana has trouble at school.
She just can not stay away from fighting.
At home her father is constantly putting her down.
But that is not at all what this is about.
That way you can deal with more problems at once.
How positive things can make you grow.
Also Michelle Rodriguez is very good in the lead.
I think she and Adrian were great actors.
Because of this movie I Am Boxing too.
It really impressed me.
the only negative part I think.
But you do not get to see how it is at home.
I had a great time watching it.
I really enjoyed Girl Fight.
It something I could watch over and over again.
Very convincing might I say.
She had so much compassion and yet so much hate at the same time.
Even though he loved her he was really hateful.
The love story was a part that i really enjoyed in the movie also.
I felt the passion the y had for one another.
I thought it ended just right.
After grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her.
Then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on.
The plot is strait forward enough.
Diana almost literally changes from a girl to a woman.
She wants to box.
All Diana wants is to be treated like any other guy.
Not looked down upon because she is a woman.
She steals money from her father to begin training.
Santiago has been instructed to save it for his next bout.
With their narrow hips they can run faster.
And they have greater muscle mass and upper torso strength.
This sexual bifurcation is the result of the perfectly normal process of natural selection.
I speak to you as your anthropologist.
Douglas refuses to fight a woman in the ring.
And Rodriguez is offended by what she sees as his patronizing attitude.
And I would never heard of the director or of any of the performers.
But I was surprised at how neatly this is put together.
The total absence of bathos left me open mouthed.
The whole plot could be considered formulaic.
Different from those we see on TV and in ordinary movies.
There ought to be more films like it.
The movie opens in a high school in the middle of a ghetto.
Only Diana herself can decide what to do.
Too bad that Michelle Rodriguez wasted herself in Hollywood movies after this one.
Casting unknown Michelle Rodriguez as Diana was a stroke of genius.
Her acting inexperience actually works in her favor.
We have never seen her before so it really feels like her story.
She also brings across genuine toughness.
Diana is doing poorly in school.
From there the story winds down toward the inevitable.
the two meet in the amateur title fight.
Kids with tough lives growing up in rough urban areas fall back on sports.
A lot of professional boxers have risen from these circumstances.
So this time it is a girl.
A film did that.
So much so you can almost smell the sweat.
Diana has found her element.
The film clearly shows you how unfair life is for some people.
If only movies were still this good.
and she was supposed to buy you a drink once.
she kinda stood you up.
We all want a second chance at things.
What a great message and what a great delivery by this movie.
I knew I was going to see this when I saw the first preview.
Disney might just be on to something here.
yet another sports story based on truth.
The Rookie kept me smiling from beginning to end.
The little boy that plays his son was fantastic.
The messages are good ones.
Failing at the pursuit is alright as long as you try.
The excitement is palpable.
I believe this movie will be a classic.
This is the best picture about baseball since Redford whacked The Natural our way.
The ingredients for Americana and apple pie were all in there.
Worth every minute in the last analysis.
The film had many fundamental values of family and love.
It expressed human emotion and was an inspiring story.
There were a few charged symbols to look for.
The cinematography was acceptable.
It was plainly filmed but had a nice soft quality to it.
The story begins from the year 1909 when Celie is only 14 years old.
She has given birth two children for her father.
Celie has a younger sister Nettie with whom she is inseparable.
A widower lays his eyes on Nettie but their father gives Celie to him.
It is the beginning of an era of horrible abuse and constant controlling.
The cast is amazing.
I have never seen him in a such an evil role.
You can really connect to the story of the strong sisterhood.
Big applauds to Mr.
but something is clearly missing from several key scenes.
5 hour movie could have been reduced to about a 2 hour movie.
this a great Disney flick.
this is a great family film.
it is fun and entertaining.
adults will enjoy this movie as well as kids.
It is a beautiful and inspirational film.
This was truly a great movie.
Jay Hernandez is also a very likable actor that is very enjoyable to watch.
I love movies like this as they really are very inspirational.
Things just happen to fall into place and makes everything click.
These movies neither insulted your intelligence no manipulated your emotions.
The heroes differed little from the crowd.
They shared the same feelings and bore the same burdens.
Hancock and Rich encapsulate their entertaining oddball biography in a halo of mysticism.
The spirit of baseball oozes from the earth like petroleum.
The constant moving takes a toll on Jim Junior.
Living dreams with the family is what this one is about.
This movie is about development.
It has it all and more.
This is one of my favorite sports movies.
This movie has several things going for it.
The participants are believable and capable.
Since then I must have watched it at least three times.
These are just normal people who have dreams like you and I.
He rushes over and reaches out to his family.
and it ended with baseball.
It is a great underdog story and a very friendly family movie.
4 out of 5 Stars.
I love it when they actually do a sports story well.
So many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch.
All in all a highly recommended film.
Her only solace in her miserable life comes from her sister.
I could not imagine a better choice for Captain Holland than Richard Dean Anderson.
A highly faithful adaptation of John J.
This will leave you breathless.
It could just as easily have made its debut on the big screen.
Forget the jaded comments that come before these.
Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.
On balance a small masterpiece.
This film is like an allegory of the gospel.
This little city in another city lives own life and things are going fine.
Our character gets a wonder dove from his dead mother.
it certainly deserved it.
i am sure you will enjoy it very much.
There is no attempt to intellectualize.
Cinema in its purest form.
I think I read this was widely criticized at the time of its release.
Twin moons illuminate the blood red sky.
A flicker of recognition crosses his face.
The girl sniffs the air.
I do not like the look of this place.
I keep thinking we are being watched.
The Doctor wags a disapproving finger.
Unfairly derided at the time of its original U.
Mannequins come to life and attack her.
What is more important is how good a script this is.
Ten million people tuned in to see the new Doctor.
Full marks to Billie Piper here.
The regeneration scene at the end is beautifully played.
I recently saw this film and enjoyed it very much.
If you enjoy thinking when watching a comedy then this one is for you.
Low budget meets lower budget with High laugh content.
This is a movie for Canadians and Americans alike.
So it is not surprising that Hollywood North focuses on those kinds of relationships.
The script is flawless and the performances are top notch.
A 10 out of 10 from me.
When I saw it I loved it and became thrilled.
It became my favorite short film and made me appreciate the format so much.
First of all I must say that it looks AWESOME.
I like the small time and I love the acting.
I love the simplicity and I love the love.
It left me feeling very good.
There is something about the earnestness in it.
it is so frank.
I enjoyed it very much in that way.
I definitely recommend it.
The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent.
Three memorable shorts focus on the love between a parent and a child.
It takes but a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky.
You just have to keep your heart open to see it.
But I wish I had.
But I'm nit picking.
I thought both pieces very well observed.
There are also a number of memorable quotes.
it is a very nice movie and i would definitely recommend it to everyone.
some of the scenes are very great and some are just boring.
The actors are flawless and the directing is superb.
I absolutely loved it.
A movie has never made me so happy.
This is an outstanding movie.
His facial reactions to the verbal abuse of a disgruntled Frenchman are priceless.
A little Oscar Wilde humor can add levity to any relationship.
Some of the vignettes are poignant and even dark.
I can go on reflecting on all 18 small gems.
I like some of them very much.
So refreshing and educating.
what you read is a spoiler enough.
Greetings again from the darkness.
18 directors of 18 seemingly unrelated vignettes about love in the city of lights.
Delightful film directed by some of the best directors in the industry today.
so much for tech stuff.
Several brought up some emotions for me.
I admit I am affected by love in cinema.
when it is presented in something other than sentimentality.
The Color Purple is a masterpiece.
If you ever want to see what a movie can do watch this.
The whole does not even come close to the sum of the parts.
No great effort has been made to turn it into a comprehensive whole.
But the wife has some devastating news.
because she is the love of his life.
The tourist and the vampire.
He reflects on their relationship.
An American tells in her French class about her trip to Paris.
They are two lonely mimes.
Thomson is Dad Arthur Bloom.
even without her there.
this was hands down the best film i saw at the festival.
Absolutely one of my favorite movies of all time.
Cameron Grant is one of the best directors doing adult films.
His only rival is Andrew Blake.
The kitchen scene starring Yvonne and Juli Ashton is magnificent.
The use of the butter and milk really makes the scene.
Run out to your video store and pick it up today.
But it really is very tastefully done.
I was pleasantly surprised at just how good it was.
Even the acting was fairly decent.
The plot was more solid than most adult films I have seen.
The camera work was above average.
the lady is always entertaining.
And the story that binds the whole together was an interesting concept.
I do not understand the low 5.
7 rating on this film.
The plot is fairly standard but effectively executed.
The biggest surprise in this movie was the performance of Daryl Hannah.
I found myself at sixes and sevens while watching this one.
Downey is likable as a private detective.
You will experience every human emotion while watching this film.
He is not your typical mainstream purveyor of fantasies.
He is more of a maverick.
I remember laughing aloud in several instances with his ironic remarks.
I was not disappointed a bit with the movie.
Simply one of the best thrillers of the year.
This movie just starts off on the right track.
Which is not to say that they are not tasteful references.
just that they feel very modern and very fashionable.
The cinematography is just.
too perfect for my liking.
I only hope I get to see Cracker Bag again some day.
It was only when I saw Napoleon Dynamite that I remembered seeing Cracker Bag.
Just beautiful sentiment and yet never stooping to being soppy.
There is some terrific cinematography and the lead girl is quite brilliant.
It captures more than the nostalgia of the time.
It has a real heart to it.
It is the Achilles wound of childhood that is exquisite and painful.
A simple story is always effective when done well.
I just hope his next film is not something lame like a shark film.
This was a good movie.
Just caught it at the Toronto International Film Festival.
I encourage anyone of any race to see this film.
The camera footage is great is so was the pacing and editing.
Charisma to burn and a role any actor would kill to get.
and it is futility.
Rating 9 out of 10.
There are four great movie depicting the Vietnam War.
It is a shame it did not get a major release.
It belongs on the shelf of any movie fan alongside the aforementioned movie titles.
Brought back memories of my own post Vietnam war military experiences.
It concentrated on the people who were sent to fight.
I highly recommend this film to anyone looking for another excellent Colin Farrell film.
It got completely shut out.
It also made me laugh at times too.
But he should have gotten nominated for this movie.
I love this movie from top to bottom.
This movie has all those desperate emotions rolled into one ball.
In my opinion it is a great movie and my favorite.
Enjoyable and entertaining film to view.
From the very beginning to the very end.
The acting for every character was superb.
and adult audiences should watch to appreciate the courage needed to do such.
I really like this movie.
it brings out every emotion imaginable.
This movie rates high.
War drama that takes place in Louisiana in 1971.
Farrell successfully covers up his Irish brogue and adopts a pretty convincing Southern accent.
The rest of the cast however is just great.
This film was thrown away by its studio.
Inevitably they cross over.
This is possibly the best short crime drama I have ever seen.
His style of animation is very original.
It takes a few views to notice the detailed backgrounds.
This is a wonderful animation to watch anytime any where.
The plot is strange but very funny.
This short film is about a talking Spatula named Edward.
I laughed a lot while watching this.
Tom has a short role but a memorable one.
Highly recommended for anyone who likes silly humor.
Stuff like this happened and is still happening in the world.
This is a great short.
I can not wait for the full film.
Though I still mean it.
Unfortunately not much else lies below it.
This film is worth watching at least a few times.
I'm not sure that squares with the facts.
Still the film is well done.
Few figures have attracted as much attention from the cinema as Adolph.
I remember this film from many years ago.
Certainly the best film on the subject in my experience.
But they were nonetheless very powerful.
This subject continues to fascinate us even with the passing of years.
I wish it would be shown on TV at least once.
It reeks of sulfurous death awaiting the perpetrators of world war.
The characters seem to be waiting to be walled up in their cave.
Even the Grim Ripper made us smile.
This is a lot better than the first one.
And yet for some reason I feel that it misses something.
Made a better house and girlfriends.
Use clones instead of robots.
When he fell from the sky I split a gut.
This movie is awesome.
Much more funny and entertaining than the original.
George Carlin reprises his role from the original briefly.
Pam Grier also appears in a bit role.
this was one of the most moving movies i have ever seen.
the acting and plot are amazing.
it seems so true to reality and it touches on so many controversial topics.
i recommend this movie to anyone interested in a good drama.
The wannabe rockers sure have made another great movie.
Besides playing roles they have.
Sounds like a good deal to me.
Great viewing for kids and adults alike.
There are at least 6.
Visual creative epic of inimitable style.
This film may neither have the most alternative dramaturgy nor the most artistic acting.
I always liked the cinematography and the sceneries of this movie.
Especially in this point Bogus Journey tops its prequel by far.
I generally prefer the good old effects in big budget movies.
But I think it is this in a very charismatic way.
Also the sound design has no lack.
I love the unorthodox camera work at its beginning.
it is even better than Total Recall.
Narcissistic depression and intellectual ennui are SO corporate.
I thought it was absolutely hysterical.
One of the best movies I had seen.
Only this one is actually funny.
She is excellent as Celie.
You will never forget these characters once you have seen this movie.
They are one of a kind.
This is because it was written by the original writers.
I recommend anyone to see this classic.
This gives the film great dimension and another lovable feature.
The first film had little ambition so nothing sticks to the screen.
This is a surprise.
This is your only spoiler warning.
The writers made up for their shallow first outing with something deep.
See also Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The funny thing was that they played him in stupid little games like clue.
Peter Hewitt does a great job directing this film with a great cast.
The rest of the cast is quite good as well.
This movie is very underrated.
She seems pretty confused but sometimes helps the other characters from their problems.
Saw it as critic at the 49.
I love his way of combining different stories and characters.
This movie is gorgeous.
I tuned into this by accident on the independent film channel and was riveted.
I'm a professional actor and I was flabbergasted by the performances.
Do not miss it.
This film deserves to be flown high and proudly.
I urge people to look it up and watch it.
The story tells itself.
This is by far the best dramatic American film I have seen in years.
A lazy respite from the pressures and tumult of school.
Welcome heat and idleness.
Young bodies carving new silhouettes.
the maze towards adulthood.
It has the seriousness of the long unblinking stare.
Small scenes illustrate large thoughts throughout.
Jim McKay has made one of the best films you will see all year.
There is not one false note in the entire film.
The three young ladies whose lives we follow are always real.
These are just real girls trying to find themselves.
I can not wait to see what Mr.
The have impoverished educational systems and lack direct contact with achieving role models.
This movie would have been better off without both.
Not so much because of its looks but because of the inventiveness of it.
The existence of Hector actually puts the cherry on top.
What I missed was the background information.
Another character who helps this stand out is the Goon.
This time it is a huge skeleton dragon with fiery eyes.
The animation is great.
The voices and the sounds are top notch.
Too bad the story is as simple as one can possibly imagine.
No real character development or story twists.
Not even the ones I would expect from a movie with such a plot.
Travel the world offering up their services as dragon hunters but never getting paid.
In desperation the king hires the dragon hunters to stop the world eater.
Zoe of course tags along.
Its all really well done.
If you get the chance see this.
The world looks like a set of gorgeous paintings.
That was all done in the TV show.
My 3 year old loved it.
So 10 out of 10 from our family.
This movie really takes the idea of CG movies where it should go.
Magnificent vistas like the scene in Monsters Inc.
Animation is quite good.
Characterization is well done too.
This movie is what you want to watch for a fun and exciting time.
Character designs were great and funny.
The animation is stunning.
The artwork behind each and every landscape was beautiful.
From the colors to the lighting to the not standard fare of artistry.
Animators have created an incredibly beautiful world here.
The plot is absolutely romantic.
As romantic as the animated film plot can possibly be.
This is a real eye candy.
A world made of floating islands and flying ancient cities.
Huge monsters whose preferred method of attack is hurling cathedrals at their opponents.
But You will forget that while looking at the spectacular scenery.
This movie is fun to watch while it lasts.
And that takes one hour to get to.
But of course he makes him interesting and curiously appealing.
But it happens and she must face the consequences.
But she can not.
She goes to pieces.
She finds peace and release with this.
She becomes embittered and desperate and she no longer finds solace in religion.
And it gets worse than that.
There are also weaknesses in the action.
It is a movie that might push someone over the edge.
which hardly sounds like a recommendation.
And that says something.
You have to know that going in.
Life is what happens to you.
This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and people.
Her lie causes much sorrow.
Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do.
This sparks anger in her toward God.
It is more bitter than death.
She becomes crazier and crazier and is sent to a mental hospital.
I think that he could be the angel.
It is too easy to say that her life is filled with meaninglessness.
Secret Sunshine was a hot topic of conversation in Korea.
And Lee finds complexity in subsistence.
I saw this film in the worst possible circumstance.
The movie in a word is superlative.
It does not deserve the slanderous review that the writer has written.
You have to take it on faith and that is all.
Thus it is a work of art that is challenging to you personally.
I tend to watch Korean movies just for that reason alone.
I have seen this directors other movies before.
They need to show life as it is.
There in lies the reason why it worked even more.
not the frightening wrecks they are in Gothic.
I would love to comment on this film.
In this glorious telling of a weekend shared among literary greats.
Showing their quests for sexual enlightenment.
Personal freedoms from political to moral.
Liberal drug use for both stimulations and as addiction.
Their creative views of life and writing.
Describing without boring the viewer how each writer seeks to find their muse.
Along with the distractions and affections each share.
With breathtaking scenery that does not detract but very much enhances the story.
Well created characters from grim to loving then angry to peaceful.
With some of the most lovely and scene enhancing costuming to be had.
6 rating is a mystery.
This film is a window into the world of the black experience in America.
Should be mandatory viewing for all white people and all children above age 10.
Shelley suffered from consumption.
Lord Byron suffered the pains of a clubbed foot.
And they were poets during a time when experience was the key.
There was no time for prudish caution.
Passion and experience were a big part of the Romantic Era.
But she stands her ground and experiences things on her own terms.
As was the strength that she inherited from her mother and father.
The actors and actresses in this were perfect for the parts they played.
I can not believe others took such a serious view of all this.
It was a great tribute to the Western serials of years ago.
Extremely interesting and intriguing movie.
But long before that he was churning out generic thrillers in his native land.
What really made the movie at at least good was some terrific acting.
This is truly a film to cry and die for.
Jerome Crabbe has the lead role in this movie.
I saw this movie 6 times and I still am not tired of it.
I have seen all of his movies all except for Showgirls.
My Mom does not like him so much but I disagree.
I wish Jerry Goldsmith never died.
Dutch films are different but still enjoyable.
Men will literally leap when Renee swings out her scissors.
Just watch his Dutch films.
8 out of 10.
it is really a wonderful thriller i enjoyed very much.
i would like thanks Mr.
Gerard is a writer with a somewhat overactive imagination.
The fun is in figuring it out.
and it seems to have been a transitional film for him.
Could this be coincidence.
Proves again what an excellent actress she is.
The way he is playing Christine in that particular scene is exquisite to behold.
And that is all you need to know.
My vote is eight.
I wont spoil it because it needs the surprise element to work.
It really was a pleasant surprise.
I even like the spider metaphor.
Critics called COLOR PURPLE his entrance into intellectual fare.
It is quite an entrance.
There is no blatant revenge taken as might be expected.
Then things get strange.
This film had everything in it.
All of the actors in this film were very capable and well directed.
I highly recommend this movie.
Each episode was built around a real historical figure of the old west.
Each worked well with Davis.
Both filmed the action with polish.
Western fans or history buffs will want to see this.
It was also the first western TV series to win an Emmy award.
He seemed like an actual western character.
A very good early adult western.
The Lone Ranger could only wish for lady companionship.
You can only spend such time with Tonto for so long.
There is something mesmerizing about it.
This movie is a real breakthrough in the visual department.
Cheer to Yves B.
ca delivered it to me in less than a week.
which pops up in an interesting love affair.
The 4 primary actors were fantastic.
Fritz Helmut was convincing.
You believe that he really is sick.
Everybody has problems and those who nobody believes in ends up being happy.
This movie is good.
This movie practically all computer generated.
The music is also excellent.
Theres too much story to cram in 2 hours.
This movie sacrifices story integrity for action.
Not only the ethnic but also the normal people you tend to forget.
The scenes in the chicken warehouses are spectacular.
The comedy is not single issue.
This man is brilliant.
I could not stop laughing for the entire show.
He definitely represents his own little niche in the comedic world.
I could listen all day.
His unique approach to life is quite logical.
Eddie truly is Glorious in this performance from San Francisco.
I do not remember laughing so hard at a stand up routine.
We need more of his shows available.
and I love it.
The topic is exotic and original.
I HIGHLY recommend this one.
Skip over those if you can.
One of the best comedians ever.
He can really say a lot with his eyes.
But you must be intelligent and quick to understand his humor.
What might go so far as to say he is Glorious.
I laughed so hard I left a puddle.
I really hope to see a lot more from this wonderful guy.
Thanks for your time.
I have not done so ever since.
He is above that.
Funniest guy on Earth.
I tried not to laugh too loudly at the first few jokes.
We were asphyxiated after that.
His work is sheer genius.
His comedy appears effortless.
He gives you the impression that the joke is between you .
do you have a flag.
9 out of 10.
One of the very best Three Stooges shorts ever.
My jaws were aching from laughter by the end of the show.
This is truly a feel good show.
Dress to Kill will never get old for me.
I own it and watch it anytime I need a good laugh.
i was flipping channels late one night years ago.
came across this and a wildfire started.
i was staying up late every night and taping it for everyone i know.
please do yourself a favor.
run do not walk.
watch this and enjoy.
This has to be the funniest stand up comedy I have ever seen.
His style is completely natural and completely hilarious.
I had no idea that Mr.
And I do like it.
The film is obviously made by Buddhists.
I am not a Buddhist.
My religion and the vision of the world and human is different.
His show stayed with me afterwards.
You will not regret it.
Immense importance in the history of performing arts.
A classic use of embedded plots.
The fine line between life and art is dazzling.
The plot is also gripping and mysterious.
I first saw this movie when it was released in the U.
This continues up to the climax of the film.
My vote is seven.
The plot is a bit hard to follow.
Somehow it is missing in this movie.
Again I am not going to be picky about these small matters.
It is accomplished here as well as in any.
The music is authentic.
One really needs to see Blood Wedding next to Carmen to appreciate the comparison.
Carmen is one of the best films I have ever seen.
They dance their souls out.
Dance becomes life and entire life is danced out.
The magic is continuing.
Spellbinding is the only word I can use to describe the experience.
This is not a usual film by any standard.
Smith Goes to Washington which took the Oscar in the only category Young Mr.
A definite must see for everyone.
And the portrayal of Lincoln was even weaker.
How am I supposed to take this seriously.
The twist was even weaker.
As far as the goals set out with Young Mr.
We all have a mountain of swords within us.
We all have to face our own insomnia someday.
I would watch it again.
He has also appeared in 11 Best Picture Nominees.
His quiet and straightforward demeanor was rare then and would be today.
I wanted more story and character development.
It is perhaps the actors best performance.
Alice Brady is fantastic in the role of a simple farmer woman.
But I'm quite used to this because the humor is a Ford trademark.
Supporting parts by Ward Bond and Donald Meek are very good.
The early career of Abe Lincoln is beautifully presented by Ford.
Henry Fonda brilliantly captures what we have long believed Abraham Lincoln was like.
It is an aspect of him that has been lost over the years.
When he is telling stories and jokes he has the timing down perfect.
There is a sequence in the trial that had me laughing quite hard.
He shows this gift again in The Lady Eve in 1940.
He goes forward into history.
The movie is fiction but the insight into Lincoln is tremendous.
Definitely worth seeing again.
The film sings of the life of a hopeful young man.
This is not a biographical film of Lincoln.
Massey still remains the definitive Lincoln.
This is where the bulk of the action takes place.
He offers to defend them.
And not an ordinary murder but one of a deputy sheriff.
I will say no more.
In fact Young Mr.
Lincoln very graphically shows the background Lincoln came from.
His assassination assured his place in history.
All this was not lost on Darryl F.
This amazingly wrongheaded analysis simply proves that great historians are rarely fine film critics.
I am working on a doctoral dissertation on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass.
Ford is creating a sort of mythic history of America on screen.
Drums Along the Mohawk is the Revolutionary War.
a very beautiful epic poem.
This film is more documentary than for the sake of acting.
I found it a highly enjoyable look at history.
It is worth watching.
The movie is about the kind of humanizing catalysis Whitman inspired in people.
And in that sense it is exactly accurate.
One detail remains with me years after seeing the film.
The fighting movements of these actors were proficient in every way.
Not only is the action superb but the has a somewhat complex storyline.
there can be one weakness that could be foreseen.
the TV horror movie.
Email me for a chance to see it.
its fabulous to see it again.
He asks who the hell are you people anyway.
One by one they give their true identities.
I have never forgotten it and have never seen it since.
If anyone can trace a copy please let me know.
The ending alone has stuck with me for almost thirty years.
The stooges are always funny when they cook.
I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made.
This is a very hilarious short.
The remake contains most of the footage from that film.
7 out of 10.
The special effects are beautiful and imaginative.
According to the director this movie was popular in Asia.
Some special effects are quite enjoyable.
Machine guns firing huge clouds of smoke.
Thousands of Russians dying.
And they are hilarious.
If the ninjas moved any slower their hearts would stop.
Insert into video and laugh.
One just has to realize that movies like these are not made any more.
This is film history.
The film shows a history of the great investigatory agency.
The human element is never far behind as Stewart weds Vera Miles.
Look for a brief but memorable performance by Murray Hamilton.
He certainly brought the FBI up to par.
Edgar Hoover as well.
But I can see this film as one you either love or you hate.
The backgrounds were complementary to the acting and not at all overpowering the scenes.
Kelly Lin was the new revelation for me.
And I'm going back to reminisce by watching the original again.
Of course in 1959 we did not know about Mr.
Vera Miles as his devoted wife is also good.
But Jimmy is the movie.
The background score is also pleasant.
He even helped bring Communist spies to justice.
Almost all of his personal problems are caused by love of his job.
The colors all had a texture that really set the atmosphere of the film.
Every scene was so fluid they just rolled together to tell a brilliant story.
While it is 48 year director J.
Edgar Hoover headed it.
Some of that time is covered in the film as well.
In real life the Bureau was headed by William J.
Burns of the Burns Private Detective Agency.
Burns was on the periphery of the scandals of the Harding administration.
Stewart and Miles are most assuredly an all American couple.
What else could it be when J.
Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a cameo role in the production.
The FBI accomplishments that the film highlights are undoubtedly all true.
What is significant is what it leaves out.
Never mind the Mafia.
Never mind the lynchings that were still going on in the South.
The interviews of the classic rock stars are titillating and humorous.
because it feels so good and familiar.
The soundtrack was excellent.
Whoever compiled it definitely was in touch with the tunes of each era.
Hopefully they will package them and sell them as a CD set.
I know that he loves what he does and he does it well.
Kept me glued through the entire picture.
Great cast with just fine acting.
I appreciated this nice stylish picture.
This is really worth checking out.
When he goes to Warner Bros.
Maybe sounding like a real movie star would help.
Watched this as a late TV movie last night purely by chance.
The ending is weak.
This is a really interesting film.
May and her husband go to visit their children and grandchildren.
The warmth that should be there is missing.
He dies that night.
She is depressed and unmotivated.
This film will undoubtedly be seen by many in myriad ways.
Sympathies will be divided.
She did what he wanted her to do.
She confesses that she did not love her son and her daughter.
She cheated her husband twice with an intellectual.
My vote is seven.
She bares more than her soul for the screen.
What a moving film.
this lump of a body.
How our bodies change and how we are told it is no longer beautiful.
I love when she begins to change what she wears.
no longer the frumpy wife.
It is a sad and wonderful picture at the same time.
May has stifled her own creativity to raise a family.
It was truly a gem of a movie.
I was pleasantly surprised.
What a neat role.
He is actually enjoying giving her pleasure.
The contrast is the love scene with Bruce.
Bruce is totally absorbed with his own pleasure.
two completely different men.
A must see for serious film lovers.
This English independent is filmed with such great care and quality.
It drew me in relentlessly.
The cinematography is stunning.
This story addresses big issues with the subtlety of an impressionist painting.
This movie is very cool.
This film is still very difficult to find in the U.
It will not disappoint.
Saw this last night and I'm still reeling from how good it was.
This is an excellent film dealing with a potentially exploitative subject with great sensitivity.
Obviously her sexual life was next to nothing.
Darren awakes in May a passion she has not ever known.
May responds by transforming herself in front of our eyes.
The film is a triumph for the director.
Also amazing is Daniel Craig.
He knows how Darren will react to the situation.
The film is rewarding for those that will see it with an open mind.
A truly brilliant performance and an enjoyable film.
Not the stereotypical widowed housewife that was perfect in marriage and motherhood at all.
The story is revealed slowly and realistically.
I highly recommend this movie.
Anne Reid deserves an Oscar nomination for her turn as May.
This is a tremendously gutsy performance by a remarkable actress.
And the only sound is of May in the throes of passion.
Especially since Michell has no qualms about making later sex scenes visceral.
They have squandered what they have been given and are largely empty vessels.
And it is beautifully acted.
As the eponymous mother Anne Reid betrays her wasted life in every gesture.
It was around that point I started to sit up and pay more attention.
But she is also inescapably vulnerable.
No easy out here.
Kudos to director Roger Michell for tackling a fascinating story with verve and empathy.
It only lasted one season.
Every popular Super Hero has one cartoon series that is ultra rare.
Superman books and documentaries never cover or mention it.
Saw this film when it was released and can still remember parts of it.
It more resembles a ghost town with few inhabitants.
She is not aware of that soon she will be very thirsty.
Very tight western with few main characters and still absorbing.
There are numerous reprises of elements from earlier films.
if not the only.
This is a very memorable spaghetti western.
Her performance is very believable.
Mark Damon is surprisingly good in this movie too.
There are a couple of parts that are very amusing.
My only mild criticism of the film would be its ending.
There are very good performances in it.
she is like u have never seen before.
one true great performance.
this movie is truly a very good movie.
the storyline is solid with an amazing screenplay.
the ultimate scene is the end of the movie.
Background music score and the songs are outstanding.
Direction is really the weakest link.
The characters were not developed well.
The end is very interesting.
He has worked on all meticulous details to bring the story to life.
The treatment of the subject is very delicate.
The characters come to life.
The rest of the cast has done a good job too.
The entire cast does an excellent job with the script.
I was very fond of this film.
It kept me guessing till just before the very end what would happen.
One of the better movies about the partition that I have seen.
This movie touches a sensitive topic in a sensitive way.
will not be able to ask them to return the houses.
No wonder that it required a woman to understand the pains of other women.
It is without a doubt the best Hindi movie I have seen to date.
It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story.
Everything about the movie was amazing.
and the acting just took my breath away.
All were perfectly cast.
there is a natural flair in the movie and i felt it right through.
I simply loved it.
For strength of story alone I can not recommend this film highly enough.
His command of expression and nuance is essential to the role.
I do not have words to describe how good this movie is.
The movie kept haunting me for many days.
Some of the scenes you just can not get out of your mind.
The climax is just killer.
Not to be missed.
This movie was absolutely wonderful.
The theme that there is only one religion is truly prevalent in this film.
It is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
There several moments in the film where one is brought to tears.
The film at points is deeply traumatic.
A remarkable film that should be given credit for intelligent characters and storytelling.
I was so totally wrong.
I was haunted by it after watching it.
It has no biases or prejudices and has given the partition a human story.
Everything about the movie was amazing.
and the acting just took my breath away.
All were perfectly cast.
If you are interested in watching an intellectual and genuinely wonderful movie.
This movie gives it all.
I recommend it with all my heart.
AMAZING can not describe how excellent it is.
There are probably others I'm omitting.
You will see why.
Please make more fantasy movies like this.
The sound and imagery of the film are stunningly well realized.
It certainly kept me awake that night.
After some more alarms are sounded at intervals so they can not sleep.
Personally I think it is well done and worth it.
The images have been digitally decorated too make them look like baroque pictures.
Every shot is like a piece of art.
Now for the technological nuts and bolts.
Long live old age.
Aristocracy and noble birth vs.
Do yourself a favor and see this riveting film.
It may be the last film by this screen Master.
could have used a better translation for the title.
The setting is Paris during the days that followed the French Revolution.
Grace moves through all the horrors around her without being able of an escape.
The supporting cast also was great.
As an ensemble piece Mr.
This is quite an amazing film to watch.
The use of the memoirs device does give the film a rather episodic quality.
The most dramatic event of the Revolution happens off screen.
Grace can not bear to watch her king be killed.
Her view is that of an aristocrat.
It is a little slow in places but your patience is amply rewarded.
This makes him the most animated and pleasing character to watch.
My dad actually recorded it off the TV.
This film is amazing and I would recommend to child and adult alike.
The Original music score is also far better than the Disney remix.
It is still a beautiful film and I would still recommend it to anyone.
The children are not the only ones looking for this island.
The graphics are magnificent.
The voice acting is varied.
The other voices are bad.
Where both differ is in their execution.
I will come back to that later.
This film is the best fantasy movie in years.
Perhaps the 1999 version will be better.
I would give 9.
It is as if mankind really can not live with too much power.
The collapsing scene gave me patches of Metropolis ending.
This film has everything.
And I have seen a LOT of movies.
I have seen the original English version on video.
I can not believe I'm saying that.
And that would be a crime.
But watch the Japanese one first.
But not this one.
there are always stories behind stories.
you just have to take what it gives you.
ENJOY THE MOVIE AND ENJOY THE RIDE.
I can only assume some influence here.
With healthy references to Jules Verne it is a basic good vs.
The ending of the movie Silent Running is almost exactly the same.
Buy this movie and treasure it.
I have found myself near tears just listening to it.
But I thought it better to concentrate on the version people can actually find.
Plus somewhat twisty surprise.
The setting of the film is a combo of many time periods.
An excellent cast give some great performances to bring these characters to life.
Things seem very enhanced.
Some new lines have been added as well which help out.
And the finale is just something you MUST see.
This one has a great a lesson on greed and power.
The only sour note is the American Dubbing.
You will not regret it.
Unfortunately I feel that the release has been partly spoiled by Disney.
Just give me a minute to breath.
I give this movie one of my highest ratings.
This is one of the best animated family films of all time.
None of these problems plague Castle in the Sky.
The backgrounds are wonderful.
But this one rises above the rest.
They were what made the movie for me.
Every minute of the movie is rich and engrossing .
Anyway it seems that a young woman and her.
7 out of 10.
I am an extremely jaded movie buff.
I'm way past that point.
But there you go.
I have to give the director credit.
He pulled it off.
For the first 40 minutes this movie is a TOTAL bore.
We start off with some very explicit footage of two horses having sex.
Then some nervous guy shaves.
I would definitely recommend this film.
this one is out there.
Something you do not rarely see in films today.
I can not tell you all how much I love this movie.
It even features a scene that comes extremely close to rape.
I found it hilarious.
I loved it is originality.
The film was duly submitted and PASSED.
The other lacked imagination and simply thought the piece disgusting.
The plot is simple and the actors not extraordinary.
Papaya also is not great but at least these films have a certain charm .
Download them again but then again who knows what you pretend not to them.
I was clearly deceived after seeing.
But that is not all.
satisfaction and the daydreaming girl masturbating with rose petals.
The power of the instinct makes an animal a beast.
The sheep ends up dead and the woman gets scared.
THE BEAST is a film that I find kind of hard to rate.
It transcends all expectations and is truly a work of art.
We next find out that his trusted employees are anything but that.
Still this genuinely erotic film is wonderfully photographed and tasteless.
The women here are stunningly beautiful and they are naked most of the time.
Maybe it is difficult to understand when you are not Czech.
I am very impressed with the high quality and imagination of Czech films.
Basic meaning of the story is a reality.
Situations are very funny.
Some scenes are truly worth seeing.
Kurosawa is a proved humanitarian.
This movie is totally about people living in poverty.
You will see nothing but angry in this movie.
It makes you feel bad but still worth.
5 hours with this movie.
Each of the vignettes are likewise compelling for their own stories and conclusions.
The movie is surreal and surpassing in beauty.
It is a masterwork by a genius of cinema.
First and foremost its visually linked to every film that followed.
The film is a visual work of art.
33 so will appear in normal TV ratio.
9 out of 10.
This is one of the weirder movies I have recently watched.
It was not a fun experience.
They reveal his artistry and mastery of cinema.
My vote is nine.
This is not coming from a Asian film lover newbie either.
I'm begging you Mr.
An emotionally moving and beautiful film.
You have my vote for a comeback of a new sea hunt.
Would be nice to read some more plus points about sea hunt.
There must be a some clues around.
It is on the Soundtrack contained in between the musical queues and themes.
We can not remember just how many weeks nor just how high it got.
But they had been having some great successes with Television Syndication.
But the Athletic Mr.
The show exhibits a youthful energy energy for exploration under water which is infectious.
This brought on an interest in boats that lasted for years.
The Iron Chefs themselves are very interesting.
I have watched the series and find all the players work together well.
I enjoy watching the chefs hustle and the challengers are surprising.
My children look forward to watching with us every week.
Each of us have a favorite chef and favorite judges.
We all enjoy Elton Brown.
We play along at home to guess who the winner will be.
The show is great.
I could care less about cooking but this show is just entertaining to watch.
From the intensity put into the dishes by the chef to the goofy chairman.
Truly a good way to spend some time watching TV.
The true story displays a devastating situation for her character to overcome.
Obviously written for the stage.
And she falls for him.
An incredible little English film for so many reasons.
First it is a rare look a Laurence Olivier in a light comedy.
We have seen this plot or variations thereof dozens of time.
Oberon gives her role the right light touch.
Binnie Barnes is delightful as the real Lady Mere.
Ralph Richardson was a delight to watch as well.
I highly recommend it.
Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon did two movies together within two years.
One night he checks into a hotel just ahead of a crowd of people.
But he has not reckoned with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele.
But she kittenishly refuses to tell him her name.
It shows what a good cast can do with even the slightest of materials.
Another reason to watch this delightful movie is Florence Rice.
As they all do in this gripping ensemble piece.
It transports you into another world.
It starts out as a light comedy but then turns very serious.
Florence Rice runs the gamut from comedienne to heroine.
Watch her facial expressions at the end of the movie.
I really wonder how this show plays in the U.
and the rest of Europe.
Sure this movie is not historically accurate but it is great entertainment.
The story is basically a series of peaks with very little quiet moments.
Later comes a protracted battle with the Cheyenne.
The whole thing is ridiculous but great fun and entertaining from start to finish.
What an amazingly funny and original show.
Soap opera like with many surprise twists during its short run.
My hats off to Mr.
simply the best movie ever.
Fatty Drives The Bus is unlike any film you have ever seen.
It takes trash cinema and elevates it to a work of art.
And boy does it ever succeed.
I do not know why.
I do not know why.
I do not know why.
Fatty Drives the Bus is the exception.
It is the truth.
Jesus walks to a funk soundtrack.
This is pure girl FUN with the most fantastic cast of female leads.
I do not think this movie is for everyone.
I thought the entire cast did a great job.
You will find yourself laughing from the first moment through the very last scene.
The movie was a real surprise.
I am at a loss to name another completely female driven comedy.
We do not have any giants in Hollywood anymore.
I watch Cold Case because of the real life experiences depicted.
Please continue taking chances and accept my heartfelt gratitude.
Sean and Jimmy were partners.
The real mystery is revealed by her.
Somehow at the station the partners become the center of gossip.
The pressure is too much on Jimmy.
Sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it.
There is a rare Chad Everett appearance as the older Jimmy Bruno.
Shane Johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as Sean Cooper.
I still have not figured out the color scheme and rationale.
we were the lucky ones.
I highly recommend this episode and consider it the best.
this was a fantastic episode.
This was one of the all time best episodes.
His case is reopened with the presumption that he was corrupted as a policeman.
What a stunning episode for this fine series.
This is television excellence at its best.
Taking on such a sensitive issue makes this episode all the more stunning.
Our emotions are as torn and on edge as the characters.
This one goes far past a 10 and all the way to the stars.
If I were the producers I would submit this episode for Emmy consideration.
Americans tend to use some rather annoying voices for children in anything dubbed.
All in all a very good ride with a rather strange and unexpected ending.
The master of movie spectacle Cecil B.
Scenes like that are extremely well done.
This part got him at least noticed in Hollywood.
One word can describe this movie and that is weird.
It was aired in 1978.
I feel makers should have either left something out or include extra 30 minutes.
But this one has it all.
But I do not think they are going to understand it.
I highly recommend this film.
I missed it on the first run choosing to see the other film.
A lot of care was taken to show the original guns of that time.
I have seen this movie more than once.
The only problem I had was with the title for the obvious reasons.
But this was an enjoyable Halloween fare offered by the CBS network.
He asks the cab driver how to find this guy.
I ran across this several years ago while channel surfing on a Sunday afternoon.
The grainy film quality.
The odd sense of unease and ugliness permeating everything.
Beautiful pictures with love for beautiful details.
when this movie so well proves that they indeed are unnecessary.
And it was it is old self again.
What an amazing film.
Very involving almost voyeuristic.
A delightful piece of cinema storytelling in a simple but effective way.
Cinema after all is a visual media and Igor used its full potential.
A young restless man boards a train with no destination in mind.
In one of the compartments he meets with a girl.
This was the first time Cecil B.
I was overtaken by the emotion.
Unforgettable rendering of a wartime story which is unknown to most people.
The performances were faultless and outstanding.
Good luck finding the video in the U.
I saw this Australian film about 10 years ago and have never forgotten it.
A close and friendly bonding develops between the captors and the captives.
But the captain remains adamant on confessing this to the Japanese authorities.
This is the Highest Honor accorded to the captured warriors in Japan.
I will not give away the ending here.
Get one copy today and be mesmerized.
This film succeeds on that level as well.
Based on the true story.
This movie reeks of soul and atmosphere.
VERY creepy looking dusty webbed corpses slowly shamble to their screaming victims.
This film entertained from start to finish.
My only complaint is that is was too short.
That is not very normal.
The acting across the board is fantastic.
He is a professional pickpocket.
Thelma Ritter is a busy body selling information to almost everybody.
The sets show it is a limited budget film.
The script made J Edgar Hoover mad because patriotism is given short shrift.
Hoover wanted it changed.
So please take time out to watch this classic western.
Thelma Ritter did steal the picture.
I just finished watching it again.
But I did find the river.
The story line goes something like this.
It may have some secrets that could make him a lot of money.
And what a third act.
Yet the bulk of his films are more than forgettable.
Fuller holds no punches in this genuinely tough movie.
This is not a case of carefully choreographed photography.
This movie revolves around characters.
They are on her trail when the theft occurs.
9 out of 10.
Both are unaware of being observed by two federal agents.
Her death scene is stunning.
The film starts with Peters on a subway car being watched by federal agents.
They know she is a link in a long espionage chain.
This supporting actress had perhaps the performance of her lifetime as a stool pigeon.
and anyone who watches this film will agree.
The photography is brilliant.
on time and on budget.
Pickup on South Street is a case in point.
at least for now.
He had to make do.
want her to be.
Then Fuller throws in the character of Moe Williams.
Joey has a deadline to deliver the microfiche to his boss.
Its a good film.
I was really surprised at how much I ended up liking this movie.
It was truly a movie that got better and better as it progressed.
I also really liked the characters within this movie.
Two FBI agents had been following Candy and witnessed the theft.
Skip is flippant and arrogant.
Joey orders Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then retrieve it.
I really enjoyed this film.
He is totally convincing in his performance.
This film works on every level.
This movie delivered all the goods to me.
Very daring also since blacklisting was popular in those days.
It represents Fuller at his most controlled.
The film is absolutely beautiful.
She finds him through a stool pigeon played by Thelma Ritter.
Thelma Ritter gives the most memorable performance.
I will never forget that.
Brooding cityscapes lower over puny humanity in bleak expressionist symbolism.
A prostitute has her purse snatched on the subway.
Two parallel investigations unfold as both spies and cops hunt down the precious information.
You have done it before.
Jean Peters is radiant as Candy.
The real star of this movie is New York.
The personality of the city is constantly imposing itself.
The device is also employed to heighten the tension.
And yet even the stool pigeons are superior to Joey and his communist friends.
Joey is beyond the pale.
The McCarthy show trials were a daily reality.
Containers form a leitmotif throughout the film.
The film is a masterpiece of composition.
Pickup On South Street is one of the most brilliant movies ever made.
In this case the climax gives me even greater pleasure.
She is selfish and demanding.
And Falk was 40 back when he made the first one.
The plot is pretty good.
They have some great exchanges of dialog in the film.
Basically the film takes up the history of the U.
after the Civil War.
Then he announces he has to go to the theater.
But he had been involved in actual problems with the West.
As such it is well worth watching.
The murder is well handled.
She was over 80 years old and looked it.
Her acting is idiosyncratic.
What humor there is comes from Gordon.
The interplay between Peter Falk and Ruth Gordon is priceless.
The movie has a great written genre story.
He provided the movie with style and some truly great and memorable sequences.
This movie stars the rather unknown 81 year old Ruth Gordon.
She has some great interaction as well with Peter Falk in their sequences together.
The movie also stars a still young G.
I would have loved somebody else than Mariette Hartley to play Veronica.
I never really like Hartley in anything personally.
Mariette Hartley and G.
And Peter Falk delivers a little something extra in his scenes with Gordon.
The camera slowly moves out of the room and up towards him.
Ruth Gordon at her best.
Even the music was outstanding in this episode.
Truly unexpected and inventive climax tops all.
Age related artifacts are kept to a minimum and digital anomalies do not distract.
The audio is mono but nicely balanced.
To tell more would be unthinkable.
I recommend it most highly.
Others by the at times brutal violence.
It is well situated in context.
The movie opens on Christmas Eve.
He is on his cellphone arguing with a business partner I would assume.
He pins her up against the wall.
Then she goes in the mall to do her last minute shopping.
The first kill that Della performs anyway.
So I decided not to see it.
by referencing to quotes.
If you want a good ape movie watch the original.
Everything else was just OK.
The ending was cool.
I took it as a parallel universe.
I hope no one casts him as Tarzan.
Lisa Marie is the only ape that dares to be sexy.
I'm assuming this is the case when I give it 9 stars.
I thought it was hysterical.
Donna Reed charming and pretty.
Tent scene at end with former boy next door was hilarious.
It does not do justice to this incredible movie.
It is one of the best horse movies of it is time.
It is one of those great classics that the whole family can watch.
The romance is clean and endearing.
The story line is interesting and the songs are great.
They do not make movies like this anymore.
Good acting and not over the top.
Both are extremely likable and attractive.
A definite must see for total romantics.
I read the book and saw the movie.
The movie is diamond among coals during this era.
This film should have made them stars.
Shame on the studio for not putting everything they had behind this film.
It could have easily been a franchise.
You will not be disappointed.
It will blow you away.
This film has slipped through the cracks of film history.
If the themes of The Girl From Missouri sound familiar it should.
And it is men of means that Jean Harlow is after.
Still she wrangles a few baubles from him that fellow millionaire Lionel Barrymore notices.
I have a feeling we would have seen a much more risqu film.
Harlow and Kelly have the same easy chemistry between that Patsy had with Thelma.
She has rightfully earned her spot at the very top of the Hollywood pantheon.
It is strange and surreal and not altogether a completely comprehensible yarn.
yet it never loses you.
And every night after I would come home and watch it again.
I love this movie because I grew up around harness racing.
You just have to see for yourself.
And the film is never boring.
it has a very humane story and very good selected music.
I really enjoyed this movie.
The script is fresh and unpredictable and the acting is outstanding.
I really enjoyed this movie.
The script is fresh and unpredictable and the acting is outstanding.
One can not help falling in love with the character of Gigi.
The whole movie revolves around him.
The father is very stereotypically Italian and so is the mother.
I also wish that there was at least something redeeming about the elder brother.
His personality seems to have been trashed entirely.
And there are a few.
A really beautiful film that made me laugh and cry.
I would like to comment on the movie April Love.
My Dad had been in numerous plays and was a talented man.
But this movie makes some very good snapshots of the time then.
The immigrant and his family then start the first Pizza restaurant in the region.
The characters are excellent drawn.
9 out of 10.
I adored this movie.
But also because he is NOT the main actor.
Saw it as many times as I could before it left the scene.
A delightful and entertaining film with some of my very favorite stars.
The supporting cast lent credit to their individual roles.
Both have the charm that this kind of work desperately needs to work.
I do not find ANYTHING hilarious anymore.
Otto Preminger is the suspicious and sinister Hessian general.
Both have the charm that this kind of work desperately needs to work.
Especially when you consider the lack of user comments on it.
Films were pretty much a happy medium back then.
Not one true villain in the whole thing.
Everybody is so darn likable you can not help but enjoy the film.
The chemistry between Jones and Boone is good.
This movie will never be confused with great cinema.
Because the subtitles ruin the hole thing.
This is the best movie I have ever seen.
That month they were showing a Yugoslavian movie every Sunday night.
this is what i call a great movie.
it lives trough the fantastic actor skills and a simple but human story.
there are real characters which can be funny and dramatic.
watch it and you gonna remember it for life.
its filled with Slavic humor and lifestyle.
I watched this film over a hundred times.
It is really best Serbian movie made ever.
I wood like to recommend this movie to everyone.
It is very good comedy.
Actually I'm surprised there were so many comments about this movie.
And you are the one behind him.
It is such a pity that this excellent film is almost forgotten now.
This movie is an absolute must for any self respecting movie lover.
This is a poker of movies everyone should have in his private video collection.
one of the best ensemble acted films I have ever seen.
and he liked it.
A milestone in Eastern European film making and an outstanding example of Serbian mentality.
A group of completely different people are doomed to die because of their discord.
It won raves then.
The script is a work of art.
It makes you happy.
You settle down with a bar of ice cream.
Moving pictures begin to flicker on the screen.
Sitting around the campfire.
I think the supporting cast do what they can.
Those who enjoy this kind of cinema should be pleased after the ending credits.
It has lots of wonderful ideas and very good performers.
The direction was great.
The chemistry between Emma and Luis was simply exquisite.
And the tears shed were all of laughter.
A great clown if needs be and serious if the situation calls for it.
French farce with an English.
The writing was excellent.
A truly excellent film.
4 out of 4 stars.
Thank you again Mr.
At times I find it uncomfortable.
At times I find it empowering.
And I always find the characters human and real.
The human condition in modern times LA.
Helps you understand the joys and desperation of urban life.
The direction and cutting are top class.
Cinematography and music very much follows the mood and situation.
No one out of place or out of character.
And it is NOT really as much a downer as you would expect.
I gave it 7 of 10.
Both movies used wonderful actors not stars.
It stands out as an enjoyable classic.
Erika Christensen was good but Busy stole the show.
Danny Glover is outstanding in a sympathetic role.
I love when people ask me what this film is about.
They shrug and probably never give it another thought.
Her fine body movements.
This is an accomplished artist at the top of her craft.
This is an excellent movie with a stellar cast and some great acting.
I never tire of watching it.
What this movie did and crash failed to do was to be truthful.
Especially when you compare the endings.
The ending of crash is this supposedly neat little ending that ties everything up.
No matter how good.
There is no ending of a chapter to begin another.
Grand Canyon is a very strange bird.
A sparkling film with a great cast and everything working.
I truly believe that before the movie Crash there was Grand Canyon.
I would love to hear from those that have an opinion on this subject.
It just goes to show the state of race relations in America.
until he gets shot.
Maybe we will never be able to have stable race relations in this country.
It affirms Kevin Kline as my favorite actor.
This is not a film with an easy or obvious message.
A major meditation on life from one of our most gifted writers and directors.
A great film from a great artist.
This was a very good film.
They stole the show.
But the other actors played their parts wonderfully also.
He then announces retirement from producing blood and gore entertainment.
What makes the film work is the superb acting by the cast.
Maybe this is a subject we should explore more often.
The writers deserved an Oscar.
This work deals with life in all aspects.
I really enjoyed the intelligence this exhibited.
Another wonderful surprise was the honesty exhibited herein.
It rates a 9.
and the list goes on.
Makes us ask questions of ourselves.
I still enjoy it again and again.
This may come as a surprise to most of you.
This kind of flick needs sensitive watchers.
Exception made for Kevin Kline who was perfect.
Go ahead and watch it.
I first saw the film when I was 17 years old.
But it delivers with an intensity and force that seems supple.
Grand Canyon is filled with one perceptive scene after another.
The couple rushes to his aid.
I cried when I saw this sequence.
I cried every time I saw it.
What tears me up is that this few minutes of film was PERFECT.
The film moves on at the pace of life.
Grand Canyon is a very human film.
The difference is that Grand Canyon leaves you feeling positive.
I would choose Grand Canyon over Crash any day.
It partly portrays society as a balloon about to burst.
But the movie is also timeless.
9 out of 10.
Along the way we are asked question after question about life.
But that is the nature of life.
As humans we thrive on questions we can not answer.
Some answers are real.
Some answers are not.
We all seek answers.
I will keep this one quite short.
I believe that this is an extraordinary movie.
9 out of 10 from me for this one.
Realistic human performances from all the actors.
Scene to scene it is woven fantastically.
The buzzer never went off during this film.
In my top 5.
And he did something about it.
This is a great adaptation and a great miniseries in its own right.
I also think he mistakes the treatment of the law.
YES the law is drawn VERY badly in Bleak House.
You do not need to read this review.
I can only amplify its basic arguments.
I do not want to overstate these two problems.
You soon adjust to the look and pace of this production.
This would not be possible with Bleak House.
This production needs its seven hours.
A few random examples will illustrate the problems.
It happens off screen.
Many of the performances are outstanding.
Its accumulating sense of tragedy is very powerful.
The acting too is to be applauded.
Suzanne Burden is the polite and honest heroine who quietly goes about doing good.
Another is a former sergeant forced to do evil by evil people.
Another is a poor and helpless young boy.
I do not think anyone else could have written this.
A couple of things are missing.
Often Dickens will stick in at least one or two amusing lines of dialog.
I think this presentation is entertaining enough not to be boring.
I just LOVED Mr.
I think we should be given a chance to judge for ourselves.
I have to say I loved the show.
Esther had no uncle.
In OUR MUTUAL FRIEND he looks at testators and wills.
I was very pleasantly surprised by this heartwarming and magical gem.
Peter Falk gives the performance of his life.
It is worthy of an Academy Award.
This was one of the most poignant and funny movies of the year.
The supporting cast was equal to the task especially the gorgeous gorgeous Elizabeth Perkins.
It is a must see movie for 2005.
We have mothers and fathers and siblings like these in the movie.
This was one of the few truly funny movies I have seen.
I hope that both Mr.
The movie was very moving.
You will be so grateful you went.
This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
I feel greatly touched by the theme the movie intends to convey.
The actors and actresses are fantastic.
we will see how he does.
Must be unlisted or something.
Both men seem to break out of their daily lives.
The end is a downer as we learn why mom suddenly left.
All of this happens amidst a road trip format.
I have read both of his books and think that he is great.
The combination of the two is magic.
This is a story about a family really getting to know each other.
they are just doing them much later in life.
It has comedy and emotion but an uplifting message.
Just wanted to say that I really enjoyed the film very much.
Very well written with an adult target audience in mind.
But that is not the end of their journey.
Their road trip turns into a long therapy session between Ben and his father.
Peter was an actor who made his own father laugh.
And Peter certainly made me laugh in this movie.
The movie is often very funny and I found myself laughing several times.
But it can also be touching from time to time.
Nice character development in a pretty cool milieu.
What makes this go is a wonderful chemistry among the principal characters.
This film is one of those that has a resounding familiarity to it.
To see this film is to find a real treasure and delight in it.
Peter Falk is a diverse and accomplished actor.
The movie is well written and the acting seems like real life.
Because it shows what a talent Peter Falk is.
This would be a great movie to turn into a live stage play.
So the spouse and I took a chance.
We were both swept into this story.
I do not know where this movie has gone.
I heard it was put out in limited release.
It should be shared with the world.
It is one of the finest movies I have seen.
This picture is a must for anyone who has parents.
No violence or nudity but some strong language.
A lot of people could relate to situations in this movie.
I would rate this 8.
5 on a scale of 10 and definitely recommend it.
I also viewed this film at the Santa Barbara Film Festival.
It was an excellent film about adult family relationships.
A film like this would do very well with the word of mouth reviews.
I would definitely tell my friends and family to see this film.
We had no idea about what to expect.
Peter Falk is magnificent in the film.
She makes a good contribution as the fleeing mother.
Elizabeth Perkins plays Rachel with great style.
I saw the film at the Nashville Film Festival.
at the very height of their style.
Barclay is actually based on John D.
This film deals mostly with the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters.
Charles Barclay is played by George Brent.
And the ending needed some major fixing.
It basically just gives up at the end.
Whatever sympathy her character had gained as the film progressed falls apart.
And we still hate Barclay.
And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never solved.
I still liked the film.
It is too dated to be remade now.
played by Gig Young.
I first saw Rob Roy twelve years ago.
That leads him to unexpected events.
I like that calmness of his portrayal.
It is simply more realistic and has more believable characters.
This makes it a more interesting film.
The story is great with how it deals with heroism and humanity.
Overall this is a stunning and almost flawless watch.
This is a very exciting and romantic film.
I have seen it several times and never get bored with it.
Everything is realistic and it is a good plot.
This is really good and surprising scenes.
The music are lovely.
it really suits to the movie.
The setting is amazing.
I loved this movie.
There were many verbal slashes and thrusts to accompany the brilliantly choreographed swordplay.
I absolutely loved this movie.
The characters were all so different and yet clever story that made it work.
So sorry about this.
The cinematography is outstanding.
The fight scenes are amazing.
This is a film I will enjoy watching again and again.
One of my favorites.
They have the most passion and chemistry I have seen in a screen couple.
John Hurt gives his best snotty aristocrat performance.
Tim Roth portrays one of the great screen villains.
His rape of Mary is repugnant and harrowing.
He really is a magnificent bastard in this movie.
10 out of 10.
I question anyone saying they do not care for this movie.
And helpfully so not all Englishmen are portrayed as evil this time.
This guy is truly as rotten as movie characters come.
The nobility are largely played as being amoral and sleazy.
What makes this film is the cast.
He is a true actor.
He captivates the audience with his charisma as he does in all his roles.
Jessica Lange is excellent as his wife Mary.
Mary is such a beautiful woman.
They need each other.
The Scotland scenery is beautiful.
The environment and conditions of the times are depicted quite well.
This is something special.
I was particularly impressed by the apparently genuine dialog.
I can imagine this is how early 18th century people spoke and behaved.
Something else that surprised me was the vulgarity expressed by the characters.
The action was also very well done and gripping.
Rob Roy will always remain high on my list of favorite films.
I would recommend it to all.
This is a captivating movie featuring both tense action and a beautiful love tale.
It has been one of my 10 favorite films since it came out.
Many people want to go to Italy with this cast and this script.
Many people want to keep a permanent copy of this film in their libraries.
The film is a definite keeper.
Many have already asked.
Please add our names to the list.
The story is good and you really want Rob to win.
All in all just shy of a classic.
One of my favorite films.
Note its cornball usage of slow motion filming.
Its violence is both ugly and glorious.
It is the latter quality which makes it more appealing to the adolescent mindset.
Its dialog attempts to approximate the poetry of the period.
And Tim Roth is a superlative villain.
All the of the aforementioned movies merit their R ratings for violence.
Here are my particular reasons.
The depiction of Wallace is very well done and effective.
He makes several mistakes that affected the lives of many of his loved ones.
He is shamefully self obsessed and insecure.
He gives the world hope for the people of power.
These battle scenes have no context except for the fight for freedom.
It is one of the greatest scenes in film history.
Let me explain why.
Cunningham uses a fencing sword while Rob uses a broadsword.
The use of music is absolutely chilling in this scene.
Thus the reason that many people like it better.
You can make a decision on what you think is better.
Someone was really doing their homework on this entire scene.
John Hurt and Tim Roth were great villains.
This is one powerful film.
Both do their jobs well.
Few actors come across as despicable as Roth.
Jessica Lange is strong in here as the female lead.
This is a strong movie from a historical and epic perspective.
While the story is simple it is pure and straightforward.
Extra points just because you can almost smell the people on the screen.
He carries his height with grace as the Scottish chieftain of a small community.
He would rather die than tell a lie or betray a trust.
And then I will think on you no more.
He is a pompous arrogant man with two villainous servants at his service.
His name is Archibald Cunningham.
Not a single scene is wasted.
Study this film for how mood and beauty can tell a story.
The Missourians could have easily traveled east and joined the Confederate Army.
It seems to me that the story has nothing to do with ambiguity.
You are waiting to see if the remake is better or worse.
Modern film makers have realized this mistake.
It is evident in a superior style of Western we usually see today.
This movie is an example.
There is plenty of action in the movie.
There is also some humor.
This director and writer team got it right.
I enjoyed this film very much.
Tobey Maguire gives a terrific performance as Jake.
He has got to be one of the best actors I have seen.
And I was surprised there were so many humorous lines throughout the film.
Lots of exciting scenes.
A thoroughly good ride.
Check out Cider House Rules.
One of the all time Best Ever.
Reminds me of Iraq.
Many twists in this movie.
that is why they won.
Just more mindless slaughter.
So much suffering for such a stupid cause.
The cinematography is fantastic.
I really enjoyed the detail that went into the script.
As was Jeffery Wright.
I have strong suspicions.
Which makes it all the more appealing to me.
These never officially joined the Confederate army.
He gives a fine and understated performance.
And their costumes are too new.
But the overall feel of the film is genuine.
A few viewers I talked with have expressed their incredulity at the stylized dialog.
These people were raised on Shakespeare and the King James version of the Bible.
The stylized dialog just adds to the magical atmosphere of the film.
This film has everything a discerning moviegoer could want.
Please rent this film.
You will not be disappointed.
Further Deponent Saith Not.
I liked this movie a lot.
It really intrigued me how Deanna and Alicia became friends over such a tragedy.
Other than that it was great.
The star of this film is the screenplay.
Such is the true sense of film being a genre of art.
It even has the first CW cavalry battle put on film recently.
But you will never notice that.
No glaring historical errors.
My expectations where high but they where in no way disappointed.
9 out of 10.
This movie is one of the sleepers of all time.
I gave it a 10 rating.
but not bad for Hollywood.
Not just one or two.
A civil war movie is not the typical movie I watch.
This movie was wonderfully written.
The spectacular acting helped that aspect of the movie.
Toby Maguire was awesome.
The big shocker for me was Jewel.
She was amazingly good.
A movie with bad writing makes the actors look bad and visa versa.
This movie had the perfect combination.
The actors look brilliant and the character development is spectacular.
This was also a beautifully shot movie.
The movie was deep.
It told a story and in doing so made you think.
It had layers underneath that exterior civil war story.
The letter scenes are very moving and yet subtle.
Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty stretched to the limits.
we see the birth of new men.
It was released on the festival of Bangkok in Thailand.
Diana plays the grandmother and Cecilia the mother of the kid.
They are great actresses and they keep the story together specially Diana.
Check her out in other things you would be surprised.
I actually watched it while sailing around Cuba on a western Caribbean cruise.
There are some powerful scenes that everyone can relate to.
A class A film with fine acting and directing.
A good film worth watching several times annually.
It is an obviously genuine worthy labor of love.
DREAMING OF JULIA makes much more sense.
What this film really is is the culmination of a dream.
This is an exquisite film about the search for some bliss in everyday life.
It is a film about middle age and the choices people make.
It is deep and thoughtful without beating the viewer up with heavy handedness.
Watch it in one sitting and let it have its effect on you.
A good Japanese flick for a rainy summer night.
Not to be missed.
The lead actors are uniformly excellent.
The music is really good.
The two weaknesses are the story and the fight scenes.
This works for most of the film but the finale feels like a cheat.
It was interesting to see how the concept of spirit and demons were handled.
I do agree with some of the other comments about the fight scenes.
They were hard to follow at times.
It would be interesting to know what some Japanese viewers thought of the film.
It is a film I would like to see again.
I did come out of the cinema thinking what has just happened here.
I have to totally disagree with the other comment concerning this movie.
people back then really thought that the world would come to an end.
This is what I call a growth movie.
Well recommended at any rate.
It is a time of demons.
This is said to be where ninja clans began historically.
The scenery and the costuming are also completely unmissable and very authentic.
I also thought that the actual acting performances were surprisingly good.
So you do not get to know the characters on that deeper level.
The problem with this film is it was made in the worst possible time.
Watch out for a terrific goof near the start of this movie where Lt.
See also They Live By Night and The Brighton Strangler.
The Tattooed Stranger is worth seeking out.
Excellent but rather obscure.
investigator to track down their man.
This is clearly a B type movie.
The crystal clear cinematography by William O.
There are great views of New York in the opening sequence.
Patricia Barry is perfect as the plant expert from the Museum of Natural History.
Local legend claims that the area is cursed.
Room With a View was also newly out.
I will not give out any spoilers.
Great atmosphere and terror follow.
The multiple nightmare sequences were pretty freaky.
The Simon Boswell music helps too.
Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
Just do not expect it to be like the other Demons films.
Italian fans should try it out.
Always as tough as nails and at the same time conveying true sentiments.
The title fits this movie very well.
I can also recommend it.
Her family and community have mixed emotions in dealing with her shocking return.
Saw this film yesterday for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed it.
There is genuine skill in manufacture of this work.
Work with it for the first few minutes and you will not be disappointed.
You knew what was going on and I liked it.
The ending is also unexpected and believable.
This is a wonderfully spooky film.
He did a great job of having me on the edge of my seat.
I found this to be intriguing.
He finds instead a child without parents and a murder with no corpse.
Some scenes are genuinely nightmarish and the acting is excellent.
Give this strange horror film a chance.
9 out of 10.
Though I liked On the Town better I really liked it.
I'm a new comer when it comes to Frank Sinatra and Gene Kelly.
I think that is better too.
Frank and Gene make a good team.
I have yet to see them together in Take me out to the Ballgame.
Two sailors go on liberty to see if they can find love and romance.
They meet up with a woman who is trying to break into show business.
The music and dancing is superb.
Betty Garrett plays the waitress who falls in love with Sinatra.
Never get tired of these old musicals.
Kathryn Grayson is bland but Kelly and Sinatra work well together.
Very pleasant then but a bit too long.
A taster of better musicals to come.
Few are lucky to get a screen test at the golden studios of MGM.
Then few are even luckier to be attended to.
I first saw Enchanted April about five years ago.
This is perhaps the most feel good movie I have ever seen.
It was made with care and in very good taste.
At least he thinks he does.
I really liked this movie.
I have seen several Gene Kelly flicks and this is one of his best.
I would actually put it above his more famous American in Paris.
It is definitely worth renting.
ANCHORS AWEIGH is certainly a lesser film than ON THE TOWN.
Classical music enthusiasts will no doubt identify the music the pianists are playing.
MGM certainly had a flair for creating lyrical moments like these.
Incredibly ARTISTIC NOBODY COULD MAKE THEM NOW I THINK.
I'M Italian AND ADMIRED BY American MUSICAL.
there are words to describes the perfection of this movie.
and the scene with Tom and Jerry.
the greatest without reserve.
An entertaining diversion for fans of the MGM musical factory.
There the patrons happily allow Ms.
This is one of the better ones.
The film won and Oscar for George E.
A classic Hollywood music from an era gone by.
Also this movie is far too long.
Still this is worth catching.
When Kelly is dancing or Sinatra or Grayson are singing this becomes magical.
This was a huge hit in its day.
This one is different.
You are going to have to see the movie to see what I mean.
a great selection of the finest British talent around.
I loved them all for every diverse element brought into the film.
Clarence falls for her.
Kelly gets to dance with Jerry the Mouse in a delightful sequence.
Grayson sings Jalousie and My Heart Sings.
Kathryn Grayson is gorgeous and really sweet.
Brady plans on visiting a girlfriend named Lola.
Brady helps and he and Doolittle end up taking the boy back home.
Anchors Aweigh takes a similar tactic.
There are also some plot problems.
The story also seems a bit drawn out.
Length is a problem.
The fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the film.
The sequence is nicely done.
Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene.
Depressing how quickly we forget.
Allow me to explain.
They needed music and smiles and joy and romance.
This movie and others like it delivered just what was needed.
As they are in a fix with their feelings.
Frank Sinatra is terrific as the shy guy from Brooklyn.
Kathryn Grayson is fantastic as Susan Abbott.
Edgar Kennedy plays Chief of police station.
Also Tom Cat is seen there as the butler.
They originally asked Mickey Mouse but he refused.
Anchors Aweigh is some high class entertainment.
I suppose a small case could be made for the movie being to long.
But I'm not sure what you would cut out.
Originally Katherine Grayson wanted to be an opera star.
Mayer brought her to MGM for a screen test that included an aria.
Great use was made of color and lighting throughout the movie.
You can see why Frank Sinatra became the star he did.
You will feel good after seeing this movie.
This is one of the best movies.
It is one of my favorites.
A movie with good acting.
The story is very sensitive and touching.
Good camera work also.
If you do not like this movie then you have no heart or feelings.
Then go watch a sports movie.
There is no killing or horror here.
It is a must.
I sure can not do better than that.
Frank sings it accompanying himself on the piano at an empty Hollywood Bowl.
She also did some classical numbers.
Here singing in fact is the basis of the plot.
They spend the film trying to accomplish just that.
But the film results would be extraordinary.
One of the best dancers of the 20th century.
You will NOT be disappointed.
I'm not quite sure why this is.
No opportunity to shoehorn a musical number in was given up.
and that is true.
Everything a musical comedy should be.
Kelly certainly earned his nomination as Best Actor.
Tom then accidentally bites the house maid.
It makes me wish that there was more cartoons like this.
It felt slower than most Tom and Jerry shorts.
The atmosphere is dark and spooky.
Suspense is another strong element here.
Tom lives the scariest experience of his whole life.
He angrily looks at Jerry for about a minute.
I think this movie is absolutely beautiful.
And I'm not referring only to the breathtaking scenery.
The acting is a joy to watch in itself.
James Mason a real first class star.
were my bedsit was.
but I want to say I can not agree more with Moira.
What a wonderful film.
Or any father at all.
And Spring and Port Wine is so very similar to The Family Way.
This is an excellent film about a traditional working class family in Northern England.
Or so it seems.
The film is a classic.
Quirky guitar music added to the story as well.
While I have been a fan of Ms.
The mix of pithy dialog and passionate excess makes this a delightful miniseries.
You will not want to miss it if you have enjoyed what came before.
All it takes is patience and a touch of enchantment.
This movie sends a powerful message about judging others.
I was deeply moved.
No one has come back saying it was bad.
At the beginning it was a little slow.
But after she went to the hospital.
My wish would be for this movie to be released again and advertised more.
because it sends a powerful message in a mere hour and a half.
This is a romantic drama with many humorous undertones and a quick wit.
This group of English pros are a pleasure to watch.
The supporting cast could form a series of their own.
They are that good.
It reminds me of early Jackie Chan movies.
The movie did not let me down.
But the film went way beyond this admittedly narrow interest.
to gum it up.
All of this seems natural in the context of the desolate foreboding Arctic setting.
Firelight glistening off of smooth and muscled skin creates stunningly beautiful imagery.
What impressed me mostly was the realism of the film.
I wondered how much work this must have been for van Dyke.
I read somewhere that it took 17 months to film it.
All their problems and their solutions are plausible.
The actresses were great.
The background music seemed very appropriate for an romantic Italian locale.
The film is beautifully photographed and powerfully acted.
Also I think the actor selections has succeeded perfectly.
well I guess every movie has it own faults.
A kid with ideals who tries to change things around him.
A movie you can not hide from.
We watched it in 19 and it was a very nice evening.
He makes a fascinating woman.
An artistic telegram on the importance of caring about those around us.
This one is fun.
He transmits these needs to the audience in a thoroughly believable fashion.
The babe desired by both Buster and Beery is nice.
And Wallace Beery makes a fine nemesis.
This is the movie that actually affected my life.
This little film is a diamond of highest quality.
There is some mild jumping back and forth between episodes.
This is a cleaver film featuring love through the ages.
The Metro feature is scored with piano and flute and borrows heavily from Grieg.
Lots of fun and full of laughs.
Loosely intended as a satire of D.
There is nothing unique or daring about the story lines.
The first 50 minutes of this movie were quite boring.
The last 40 minutes were excellent.
The actors are excellent.
Do see this if you get the chance.
You may ask yourself was A.
Doyle a strong person or did he put himself in question.
You have to watch the movie more than once to understand it all.
The movie is anything but boring.
You will either hate it or love it.
Watch it and enjoy.
Tony is on robbery while obviously homicide should investigate the case.
Eventually they end up working together on the case.
I rated this a 9.
Fun for all ages.
I recommend it highly.
I'm giving this 7.
to be honest I like it more than that.
I would rather watch this than a lot of stuff I would give 8.
I saw this movie recently.
The very first scene I watched him was really strong.
In every other way it is just as formulaic as any standard product.
This also changes the people in their lives who have visited them.
As they leave you know the magic of the villa will remain with them.
And I'm beginning to believe that he can act as anything.
As Cristy Brown he is stunning.
And Cristy Brown comes to life.
Not a single moment of cheese.
He has a lot of screen time here.
Probably a man too for that matter.
Worth watching for the outstanding performances.
Playing anyone with such serious physical impairments has to be a demanding task.
The emotional punch of the film given the story is surprisingly minimal.
I watched this film in shire joy.
This is possibly one of the best films of all time.
It really is amazing.
My older sister was born in March of 1985 and has cerebral palsy.
Then i saw this film.
but they were lucky.
This movie tells people something.
that people should be proud of their own lives.
Any movie that has that civilizing an effect on viewers deserves serious attention.
Seldom are we soaked in beauty like this.
Watching him on screen is a shocking and breathtaking experience.
He falls in love with her.
One is exhausted for him and heartbroken at the same time.
A performance worthy of the Oscar she received.
The Irish film industry had noting much to its name before my left foot.
My left foot was the start of a wonderful period in Irish film.
My left foot is a powerful outstanding film.
A great movie in every sense.
I'm a HUGE fan of the twin sisters.
Although I give this movie a 4.
I kind of got mixed up between all the switching places and their names.
I always learn something from the shows.
Actual location filming in Tunisia greatly enhances the film.
Josephine Baker was born in St.
The French adored her and she became a huge celebrity.
Baker relocated to Morocco for the duration and entertained Allied troops stationed there.
I do find it a bit overrated.
If the musical score was improved I could overlook the few overacted scenes.
I still cant get enough of watching some of his best stunts ever.
But i have to say police story is my number 2 favorite movie.
any questions or comments please feel free to reply.
I have not seen the protector so I cant compare.
Everyone should watch it.
If anyone has the full lyrics please send them.
to say that Jackie Chan has seen better days is a colossal understatement.
However the job that Jackie does directing is sufficient and respectable.
The standout out directing of the film comes with the fight scenes.
It is a masterpiece that should not be missed by any action movie fan.
Both the action and the stunts are extremely realistic and innovative.
Many people were hospitalized in Police Story including Jackie Chan.
The plot is powerful but a modern viewer may find it tedious at times.
The best martial arts movie ever made.
This one movie is better than anything Bruce Lee ever did.
A classic with a thoroughly entertaining and brutal climax.
This movie never let you down.
The film has nice comic touches too.
After the disappointing U.
Jackie plays a policeman in Hong Kong.
Jackie is at his absolute best here.
It is truly sensational.
This is the best series of its type I have seen all year.
I think the reasons New Tricks succeeds are many.
It keeps you wanting to see more.
Wondering what the secret Alicia is hiding.
I wish I could find more movies like that one.
All in All I thought it was a great movie.
The more you watch of it the more you become part of it.
My heart felt as if it had shattered just then.
I loved it so much.
This is still the best Action movie ever done.
only some no how to do it mostly from Hong Kong like Jackie Chan.
Police story brought Hong Kong movies to modern day cinema.
Jackie is menacing and psychotic here.
His manner of hitting that evil guy in the glasses is amazing.
I also like when the windows are being smashed in the movies.
All three movies are great.
Solid 10 out of 10.
Thank you for attention.
Especially as he has the bruises to show for it.
The latter is also hampered by stars who sound nothing like their Chinese originals.
Lothario Denis Waterman is learning to accept his role as grandfather.
Everything in between is great.
The two now have to clear their names before it is too late.
You will laugh out loud just like I did.
This movie has one of the cheesiest plots I have seen.
I think some better work could have come out of that.
But look at the year and do the math.
Yvonne De Carlo was also the better choice over Joan Marshall.
I think that people are under estimating this incredible film.
But i see this as a thoroughly entertaining masterpiece.
I really enjoyed this movie.
I was fifteen when this movie came out and I could relate.
who knew that we would bounce back.
So I took it home and popped it in the VCR.
We all have those little crushes when we are younger.
But of course we do.
It is surprising that this one is so ignored.
One kid asks another kid what birth control she uses.
She says she is doing nothing to need birth control.
These characters really do care about each other.
I would have much preferred if Penny and Brain had taken their place.
Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely uplifting documentary despite its content.
Hal is the same at the beginning of the film.
Prison life too is much like that.
At least the play gave temporary relief from the depressing thoughts of past events.
The prison authorities should be applauded for allowing the play to take place.
Only a handful get any recognizable distribution.
Every year a group of inmates present a Shakespearean play.
Shakespeare Behind Bars was a personal revelation for me.
They should be commended without end for this work.
I was at the inmate screening.
This is always on your mind as you watch this funny and engaging film.
It will not go away.
There is no superficiality.
Their relationship is complicated by the tension between the Jews and Arabs in Israel.
It is so refreshing.
Also refreshing is seeing two gay men being portrayed as people and not cartoons.
This is a very good movie.
And like all good love stories love does win out.
But not in it is intact glory of full bloom .
real life in the Middle East.
A good deal of complexity is packed into a fleeting moment.
The situation is bleak enough.
We can imagine love in that enormous loveless trap.
To be gay is accepted in Tel Aviv.
She can not accept it but accepts to speak about it later.
The funeral follows the wedding.
The husband and widower volunteers for a suicide bomb attack.
But Noam sees him and gets out to speak to him.
The vengeance reunites the two lovers in death.
The game is entirely false and death is sure on both sides.
Today we have to find a solution in which no one will be humiliated.
And then it is also not.
The sky is light blue and the air is sweet.
But it can not last.
For he has become part of an equation which was never meant to be.
This is also where our couple arrives in the end.
It is a window into a situation that begs for understanding.
More people should watch this important and very fine film.
I saw this movie when I was in Israel for the summer.
You tend to get used to subtitles after about 5 minutes.
It allows a person to enter both realms of the conflict simultaneously.
At first it seems like pure entertainment but it does make you think further.
It is worth seeing several times.
So many fine things to see.
The Italian gent commends the play and calls it brilliant.
The reviewer who called this movie a bust has clearly missed the point.
If only it was that easy.
It is constantly referenced.
Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged.
The music used in the film is also particularly powerful.
Little elements like this truly elevate the film.
Flat out the funniest spoof of pretentious art house films ever made.
Terribly heavy self important dialog.
Scenes that are supposed to shock but fall flat.
It achieves exactly what it was designed to.
To this day he refuses to discuss the incident.
This film is very interesting.
This is an intelligent films.
The way you get in to his mindset is really something.
I guess that is what it was all about really.
Glover puts together something that is unique to him.
I think I will have to be properly drug influenced.
I only wish i could remember every detail.
It haunts me sometimes.
I think this movie is well done and realistic.
This is a movie i will recommend for others to watch.
High quality realistic story and movie.
Ustinov searches out that crummy loft in Paris.
The acting is unarguably fine.
She seems to have written a brief concerto for flute.
This should mean that eventually these stocks she bought were worthless.
This is a heist film with a lot of brains.
Cesar Romero and Robert Morley pop up in some funny cameos.
The excellent music score is by Laurie Johnson.
Hot Millions is a great movie in every way.
But they are brilliant.
I can only echo the praise of the other reviews here.
Certainly he had to know enough to set up the dummy accounts.
Well you will see.
The best thing in the film is Peter Ustinov.
He clearly understood how Marcus should be played and runs away with the film.
Ustinov gives an assured account of the embezzler.
Cesar Romero appears also in a cameo role as an airport customs inspector.
The ending is funny and nicely cynical.
It gets better every time I see it.
If it was on tomorrow I would watch it again.
Not forgetting others in minor roles.
Emily Watson is fine in her support role as the sensitive lover Natalia.
I think I will now go on to read the novel.
Kudos to the writers of this film for creating a supremely engaging drama.
The curious character development is indicative of a nuanced and well schooled writing team.
Credit is also due to the filmmakers for breathing life into the setting.
That made it very engaging.
Contains some good lighthearted humor.
This film deserves a wide audience.
Story builds in interest and complexity.
Watson also performs brilliantly.
Story builds in interest and complexity.
He refuses to pay her.
She runs away with his keys.
The woman and her husband throw a dinner party for their trendy friends.
Husband switches conversation to desert.
Robert says that he too needs to experience men.
Both admit that the artworks are bad.
and they make love to each other.
The latter revelation turns out to be a lie.
But he manages to escape.
His life is ruined.
And she does care about him.
They look at each other.
I may be the only person who really liked this flick.
The acting is good under Mr.
This is by far my favorite film of all time.
Sean Young turns in an excellent and courageous performance.
The other cast members do a fine job as well.
It flirts with sadomasochism and the captive falling in love with captor theory.
Then suddenly he leaves her home and she swears abjectly at the closed door.
Her performance is forceful and complex.
The story of the termites and their interaction with their environment is amazing.
The cast of creatures is deep and they all play their parts well.
They brought it to the latest family gathering instead of a Disney movie.
If you can find this movie you are indeed lucky.
I like it but it is hard to recommend.
7 out of 10.
This movie is one of the funniest comedies in the history of Hollywood.
This movie is the ultimate spoof of gangster movies.
one particular quote in the movie stands out.
What makes it funny is that he does it all with an angry face.
More extreme than necessary.
I could not believe the low 5.
That is why I rated this movie 9 out of 10.
There is of course great comedy among the other characters.
Michael Keaton is F.
But there were several pretenders to the throne.
You would be surprised by how many faces you will recognize.
I know I was.
But you have to watch for when they reload.
And they have to reload a little too often.
This movie is utterly hilarious.
The conflict of brother vs.
This movie is just a lot of fun.
I gave it a 7.
But I suggest to give it a chance.
I think it is greatly over looked.
Not too many people give this movie a chance.
Michael Keaton is very funny in his role.
And he does it well.
Johnny Dangerously is a gangster who wants to go higher in life.
He just works his way up from the big bosses to a beautiful wife.
This is the movie that made me love what Michael Keaton could do.
Watch lines you will be using in casual conversation for the next decade.
recommend it to a friend.
But some of these jokes are classic.
The Moroni character is an absolute scream.
as a police Sgt.
Michael Keaton has a ball in this role as anything goes.
He has all the best lines.
This movie was made in Hungary i think.
their horsemanship is awesome.
They even sacrificed their life in several instances.
the young orphan lad that Brady befriends was a sweet kid.
it is entertaining and comic in some spots and very tragic in others.
This movie is why I found this website.
We will be recommending it to our friends.
This is certainly a movie that we will watch several times.
It tells the story of how his past is closely tied with his present.
The ending was even satisfying.
I will buy this movie and watch it again.
This is a family film and I recommend it highly.
A hauntingly beautiful film.
Brady is shot down over occupied territory.
I had never heard of this movie and it snagged me for two hours.
Really enjoyed this little movie.
Recommended to movie fans who look for something a little different.
not just traced by powder.
And I do not mind at all.
But as a movie it just cracks me.
I was pleasantly surprised I quite liked this movie.
I suggest it to anyone who loves the acting biz.
The story is simple but is mainly a vehicle for the characters and situations.
It brings us into that world with effortless irony and wit.
This movie was well done in all respects.
This movie is simply the best.
Few actors are able to play the stoic as Jet Li can.
A little suspension of disbelief goes a long way in a Jet Li film.
Think Jackie Chan with a little less comedy and more action.
I immediately knew what I would be renting out.
even though they all fall under that category.
Then I went home and watched it with subtitles and I loved it.
I am ready to watch it again.
Of course the martial arts are stunning.
We noticed that after every strike there was a cut.
Not in Black Mask.
This movie is rich with action and gore.
The story line is strong enough to support the action sequences.
As with most of the fast action martial arts movies ala.
But still all around a great high paced action movie.
I can not imagine anyone not being entranced by this film.
Talking about the U.
Very unfortunately the U.
The action was fast and furious with amazing wire work.
I only saw the wires in two shots.
They are really worth checking out and usually never disappoint.
The very first gun battle the occurs in the film was just silly.
All the protagonists in this film are just fun to watch.
Fist of Legend would have been a much better choice.
But the English release suffers from rough editing and dubbing.
This film is a Chinese comic book movie.
none of it done realistically enough to be tough to look at.
I gave it a 7.
And mindless action is right.
That is one of the reasons the ratings on this movie dropped.
My rating was an 8.
The settings in Italy and Hungary are beautiful.
My friends and I often discuss who would win a fight too.
In this film he comes across as a martial arts God.
Their only purpose is to win wars that other people lose.
They are invincible in some ways.
Jet Li is a marvel.
And that is what makes watching him so fun.
They are great together.
But to be honest.
You will love this film.
A fey story of a Martian attempt to colonize Earth.
The diner has had no customers since eleven o'clock that morning.
A young couple on their honeymoon.
And even the couples are suspicious of each other.
I always enjoy it when it is on.
One of my favorite Twilight Zone episodes.
And the next day we were in the supermarket at Hollywood Blvd.
We used to see all kinds of character actors in LA in those days.
A bus full of passengers is stuck during a snow storm.
This is another of the fun episodes of The Twilight Zone.
My vote is eight.
Well I gave this movie a 7.
I'm sure Zack could have coped.
The characters in the movie are well cast.
The truck driver is a a ringer for real truck drivers.
Only the PhD plays the zombie.
The secrets that they harbor are suitably appropriate for their characters.
In the face of death they react as real human beings would.
The movie is a warning against the dangers of unlimited surveillance by government.
As a scientific exercise with philosophical underpinnings it is fascinating.
His performance is probably the best in history.
The scene of the death of the younger priest is tremendously shocking.
But it is very well acted.
In post war France it is also about the mortal aspect of Faith itself.
North Shore takes place in Hawaii.
It has a good storyline and plot.
The most recent episode was surprising how the story worked out.
I hope Fox keeps it on the air.
it makes your comment drag on.
No wonder people have misconception and decide not to watch it.
It was wrong of them to do that.
It actually more exciting than it sounds here.
The story is not so consistence but good enough.
Zillion Times Better Than Expected.
On itself this would be a pretty bad angle on a story.
It is also forgotten again very easily though.
So it is nice to watch but nothing more than that.
7 out of 10 chess players caught between a rook and a hard place.
They made a big mistake by pulling that show.
The zenith of two brilliant careers.
A man travels to see his estranged brother.
One suddenly realizes that there is really meaning to life.
But being a David Lynch fan I decided to give it a go.
Lovely piece of good cinema.
When you are watching the film you can feel what Mr.
It really touched me.
Then he had them bundle the sticks and try to break them.
Hi all I am a chess enthusiast since the age of about 6.
A major example of this is the chess legend Bobby Fischer.
The position before adjournment makes for a fascinating chess puzzle in itself.
Always fancied this film from the video cover.
His stories and his style have a spell that cross the screen.
The performances are good and the final scene was incredibly touching.
Everyone who has a sibling can relate to it.
Lyle and Alvin do not even have to say anything.
this movie is about so much more than that.
It is hard to believe that this is a David Lynch film.
But it is a very straight story as the title might hint.
It is a simple film but it is indeed a great film.
That is both from a innovative and an entertaining aspect.
But maybe that IS Lynch.
That would be crafty.
The pace of the film is slow.
I would almost say lawn mower speed.
Look for the great cinematography that makes this film come to life.
The film beautifully depicts his journey and the lives he touches along the way.
David Lynch usually makes films that resemble puzzles put together the wrong way.
Perhaps art will always mean the most to its creator.
The Straight Story is not a typical David Lynch film.
He brings Alvin Straight right to us in a simple and honest way.
Along the way Alvin meets a confused and frightened young girl.
She is pregnant and has decided to run away from her situation.
After listening to Alvin speak about family she reconsiders.
Later Alvin witnesses a distraught woman kill a deer with her car.
She complains that she has killed several and leaves.
Alvin insists on paying for the call.
The man even offers to drive Alvin to his brothers with pleasure.
Alvin declines with thanks.
Alvin also encounters two bickering brothers who have repaired his lawn mower.
This scene is perfect in it is simplicity.
We want Alvin to get to his brothers.
We want him to make amends.
We want to know this world is full of forgiveness.
It was his last film and his performance was amazing.
The music and cinematography held the spell when little was happening on screen.
This film is the story of a journey.
His objective is very simple and straightforward.
His brother is ill and likely to die and he wants to visit him.
For many Lynch devotees this was a huge negative point.
Yet this is about the only criticism that many will read for the film.
The Straight Story is a multilevel exploration of the goodness and beauty of America.
A remarkable movie that will rest gently with me for some time to come.
However it is in a light that I have not witnessed from Lynch before.
Rarely has a modern film preached so positively about family.
THE STRAIGHT STORY is an honest movie rather than a saccharine one.
I know it disappointed a lot of his fans.
Others were delighted by it.
The wrinkles on his face tell many a story.
I think it is a hidden gem.
I would highly recommend it.
This is not a movie for fans of the usual eerie Lynch stuff.
She is the queen of this film beyond all doubt.
Not a single square of space is wasted.
Only the barriers erected by our fears can cut us off from it.
It breaks my heart that this movie is not appreciated as it should be.
Its the kind of a movie what i despite most.
I honestly think that performance was excellent.
But these things are only briefly hinted at during the film.
But we do not get to see that love enough.
The only thing that really let me down are the performances.
To me the film feels like unfinished.
The set design and costumes are outstanding.
I really thought that this movie was superb.
The technical aspects of the film are worthy of note as well.
A solid if not transporting epic.
While watching this film I was taken on a private journey which floored me.
Listen closely to that description.
Even their placement in a scene is pivotal to understanding what is going on.
It was a treat and a joy to watch.
If you like this film I would recommend a film called Fresh.
All of this is well borne out in the film.
Such is the price women paid in a patriarchal society.
I do not think so.
If you can work out why there might be a Ph.
I saw this on the big screen and was encapsulated with it.
Emily Blunt is perfect as Victoria.
A Perfect piece of a major part of British and Commonwealth history.
And where her mother says she has to walk stairs with an adult.
Enjoyed the movie very much.
It was paced gently and every line in the film held its worth.
Emily Blunt is sublime.
We see her nervous and overwhelmed when addressing Parliament upon her Ascension.
God save the Queen.
It had a well written screenplay and flawless editing.
Not enough can be said about Emily Blunt in this role.
She keeps you transfixed up to and including the final shot of the film.
The actors have nice chemistry and you absolutely believe in their developing relationship.
The other actors in the film are also very good.
There is not a single bad performance in this film.
It goes without saying that what makes this film so great is Emily Blunt.
It is a tricky thing to play a queen.
He last did C.
I soon got lost with all the governmental politics.
Maybe it was less engaging because there was no potential beheading of the monarchy.
It is a most worthy film among 2009 cinematic offerings.
Every scene is designed and decorated to immaculate detail.
I was the most amazed by the thoughtful cinematography.
The scene that strikes me the most was when Victoria talks to Melbourne.
Many events are rushed through or not even explained.
An act of love.
I believed what he felt was real.
No real sense of period.
It may no have been her fault but her prince deserved the crown.
It captures the atmosphere of the time and place perfectly.
The characters are unique and believable.
The settings are deliciously exotic.
Many in the audience were sniffing and surreptitiously dabbing their eyes.
Visually the film is stunning.
The acting is top notch from everybody involved.
There are three main strands to the plot.
There are also occasional infelicities.
News of the revolution reach the secluded Siberian village through the grapevine.
It can be seen in three parts.
It is much more better than Doctor Zhivago.
The director of this movie moved to America and made Runaway Train for example.
I was stunned by the cosmopolitan dimension of the art form.
a simple story mingled with humor and suspense.
i wish that a video was available in Britain.
Instead I was pleasantly surprised to find myself laughing audibly.
A real pity that the 1931 original has not survived intact.
nobody knows where it goes.
There is much to enjoy.
The story of the haunted station is actually spooky even for present day standards.
You will be defenseless in resisting its multitude of charms.
They are not dated to me though.
It is an escape from reality for a while.
The set pieces in the movie are very atmospheric.
It keeps you hooked from the moment the movie starts till it finishes.
We need more of this type of movie in todays market.
It is on my list of favorite movies along with some of the classics.
this movie is for anyone who enjoys laughing and music.
No one I know can watch this movie without being at least mildly amused.
I have never been a fan of their show or their movies.
Except a leading lady.
Young Joan Fontaine was cast in this opposite Astaire.
All she basically has to do is act sweet and demure.
The poor woman is just horrible in the Things Are Looking Up number.
The idyllic lush green English countryside of P.
Wodehouse is really brought out in this VHS copy.
Her facial expressions are hilarious.
She was also a scene stealer in the W.
I would have thought it was a double except the dancing was so lousy.
Definitely worth seeing despite its flaws.
There are a few high points.
This would not have been too difficult for Dickens.
But Orwell overlooked the genre writer who transcends his fellows.
He was a handy dramatist too.
It has the normal Wodehouse touches.
This is typical Wodehouse characterization.
Wodehouse was also lucky here to have Burns and Allan to work with.
Wodehouse and music by the Gershwins.
Only the musical interludes give the story the lift it needs.
It almost seems spontaneous.
To understand it you really need to be one of Balkan.
If You do not have any of these You can not understand it.
The movie celebrates life.
This movie is very refreshing piece of visual poetics.
This is not a perfect film either.
Average western viewer would not get few references.
Next Tim Burton movie would surely have main character with pale faces.
With his outrageous and flamboyant style serving as a vehicle in its portrayal.
Pure cinema in essence.
A wonderful experience to watch.
I had two hours of pure energy without rest.
What a sensitive performance.
I would certainly love to see both of these two in other movies.
The two little child actresses are wonderful too.
It went to a young girl with very limited acting potential.
	The Italian sets are stunning.
The acting in this movie is absolutely incredible.
But what really surprised me were the reviews that came after.
Allow me to explain.
Everyone started sobbing with little or no inhibition.
The theme is unusual and the script well written.
And of course a great celebration of the life of the stage.
The Last of the Blond Bombshells is an entertaining bit of fluff.
Her playing is strictly for artistic fulfillment.
Too bad they do not tour out here.
I would go see them.
See it if for no other reason than to hear some good music.
After just five minutes I was completely immersed in this beautiful film.
Everything that evolved before me was completely unexpected.
I loved it and wanted more.
The casting was magnificent in matching up the young with the older characters.
I would like to see this movie win the awards it deserves.
Thank you again for a tremendous night of entertainment.
A beautiful ensemble of older screen gems who still have that energy.
I grew up during the time that the music in this movie was popular.
This movie will be a favorite of mine.
Not that we buried him.
In the interests of the environment we had him incinerated.
Then two things happen.
One is in jail.
One has found salvation with the Salvation Army.
One they can find no trace of.
One is last known to be in the States.
We do not know if enough of them can be found.
but see nothing wrong with a little fooling around.
Another attractive feature is the number of great WWII songs played in strong swing.
The band members are an interesting group and ride above the clichs too.
Life should be this simple.
8 out of 10.
Time well spent and a fun watch for all.
I'm so glad I happened to see this video at the store.
I highly recommend it.
2 from Jazz Suite No.
This is the only film made by this director.
This is a quirky movie that the Brits do so well.
This lady is in the same league as the late Ella.
The actors deliver wonderful performances.
I do not believe this was an acting challenge for Richard Harris.
The Canadian scenery was breathtaking.
The beautiful Fall shots alone made the picture worth seeing.
This very good movie crackles with tension.
This film was a major feat of social realism.
But Kazan was anything but superficial.
Kazan did a good job with that.
Pretty much all the performances here were excellent.
I found very little to criticize here.
Contrast that with his later films where the drama is writ large.
Kazan was eventually more of a calculating promoter than a director.
These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them.
A man entering the country illegally is killed after a card game.
Good actors but also known actors back in 1950.
I can almost see where they are coming from.
People either loved the show or hated it.
It was kind of like slowing down to look at a horrific traffic accident.
Black and white suits the film.
Catch it if you can.
Too bad he lost so many years to the blacklist.
To which thankfully the final thirty minutes becomes a cracking piece of cinema.
A blight on society as it were.
Kazan shot on location in New Orleans.
We see a family man painting furniture with his young son.
The film is enjoyable thanks to Mr.
Just a comment on New Orleans accents.
I have never found out why.
Too often it is just the Hollywood version of the standard Southern accent.
The cast and crew are flawless.
I can not really condemn the movie because it does work.
but those are really only hints.
That lack of depth is what fails the movie in the end.
I gave this movie a seven casting aside the fiction historical errors.
The screenplay for this one is really weak and brings the whole film down.
None of the central characters are really compelling or believable.
The acting is also very good.
The standouts in the cast are the two villains.
Kazan was a masterful director.
Navy doctor who has his week rudely interrupted with a corpse that contains plague.
The dead guy came off a ship from Europe and he had underworld connections.
If there was any less it would be an Indiana Jones film.
Panic In The Streets won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay that year.
Kazan also made good use of the New Orleans waterfront and the French Quarter.
Some of the same kinds of shots are later used in On the Waterfront.
Very similar again to On the Waterfront.
Panic In The Streets does everyone proud who was associated with it.
The great thing about this movie is the Oscar winning script.
Still the movie drags a little at some points.
For fans of the thriller genre this is a great movie to watch.
Clint to find the killers that are infected with the plague and inoculate them.
My vote is seven.
Public Health Service official Dr.
Taking that freedom too far may partially account for the sprawl.
He wanted to exploit the environment.
The sprawl in terms of setting would have still worked.
The stylistic difference to many modern films could hardly be more pronounced.
The chase scene through the packing plant is impressive even today.
The two are closely associated in this film.
Occasionally less convincing elements distract the viewer.
Apparently Dr Reed is left to fight a potential national emergency little government backup.
I have been a Star Trek fan for as long as I can remember.
The premiere of Enterprise was well worth the wait.
This movie is about human relationships.
It seems that Morgan Freeman surely have fun at the set.
Paz Vega is a beautiful and smart woman.
I really enjoy her acting.
Woman like her are a good motivation to learn Spanish language.
10 Items or Less is about zest of life.
Thats not a action film or a nude comedy.
Its all about human relations.
But it did not follow the standard Hollywood formula.
Some of the conflicts are not resolved.
They took some risks and did a few things different.
In fact nothing very exciting happens in the entire movie.
Not that much things happen in this movie but A lot of meanings.
I rank the film a 10 out of 10.
It all comes down to loving people.
She is just so fantastic that I can watch anything she is in.
The same goes for Freeman.
he is just magic on the screen.
You have to check this out.
This is the start of a new and interesting Star Trek series.
The characters need some more time to develop but they have potential.
A very good pilot though for a very good series.
They know when to say goodbye and what each garnered from the other.
This is a great independent production and one that wastes little time getting going.
And it will not waste your time either.
And it was really good.
There a couple things that really stood out in this film.
I am also impressed with the performances.
I'm looking forward to seeing her in more films.
Make sure you stay for the outtakes in the credits.
It also helps considerably that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega are playing the characters.
It shows how a positive attitude can change anything.
He gets a chance to show off a bit.
I thought it was a good movie.
The fight scene between Ms.
This movie is really genuine and random.
life is really random.
Just keep those moments in your mind as grateful and nice memories.
in the best sense of the word.
I like my endings sad and my hankies dry.
Basically I was born without an artistic soul.
And sweet it is.
I have yet to meet Adrian Brody at the market.
they fail to take into account that even we cynics have fantasies.
I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman.
So many of his titles were big budget clichs with no heart.
He is a fan of humanity.
I would definitely recommend it.
From canon we know the history of the future.
ENTERPRISE pretty much disregards much of ST canon.
An unfortunate fact for long time serious fans.
There is more military code in the cartoon STAR BLAZERS than in ENTERPRISE.
The characters making up the crew seem to be thoughtfully created.
ENTERPRISE begins its run stronger than did the past three STAR TREK series.
This movie is a little ray of sunshine in a dark season.
It celebrates a quality best described as plain old friendliness.
I have to say that I love both of these shows a whole lot.
They are completely what started Adult Swim.
Hey there were tons who hated it and tons who loved it.
The other being fever pitch.
The musical score is evocative and the images are powerful.
The narration by Michael Caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic.
A classic of world football.
The same was not true in 1982.
But now that was all behind him.
It was as if he was finally home.
A key event happened on 8 minutes.
The most famous foul in football history passed in near slow motion.
Fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack.
Butcher had been running alongside the genius as if he was offering encouragement.
England were coming home.
1986 was his World Cup.
This movie is a must for all people that enjoy soccer as an art.
The players are not the only stars.
This is what makes this movie so interesting and unique.
Their influence can be seen in several parts of this movie.
you have to watch this to know what I mean.
With gratitude and respect Mr.
Enterprise is what Trek is about.
To do this the son has to break the record opening doors.
Of course nothing works out as planned.
I can not wait to show it to my niece and nephews.
This was a delightful presentation.
Stimulating the interest and imagination is fundamental to teaching kids to love learning.
A Frank Capra WONDERS OF LIFE film.
The star of the series was Dr.
Aside from that this is fun.
That makes it worth watching if you are a Temple fan.
It is just a cute little film.
It was more provocative because they WEREN'T dressed in diapers.
It is an innocent film that was made as a parody of another film.
All of the B.
That is what should get under your skin.
Call me adolescent but I really do think that this is a great series.
The music is catchy too.
I myself feel this film is a rare treasure.
The thought may not have even entered their minds.
However the child is merely pretending.
I do not blame the child for wanting to act like an adult.
Or the old movies that display this.
This sometimes can be for the best.
It was a different time with a totally different mind set.
A SHIRLEY TEMPLE Short Subject.
Takes over Han Solos role by flying the ship and having some technical expertise.
They look like stormtroopers only with red uniforms instead of white.
The idea of a DNA weapon was nice if only it had been developed.
The English dubbed version was almost cropped and edited to death.
Though I like E.
Both Tracy and Young took the Catholic faith quite seriously.
Enterprise is that show.
It makes the ideas of exploration exciting to us again.
And that was one of the primary ingredients that made the original so loved.
Another ingredient to success was the relationships that evolved between the crew members.
Viewers really cared deeply for the crew.
Enterprise has much promise in this area as well.
The rest of the cast delivered good performances also.
My only gripes are as follows.
We need something a little more grand.
Maybe something with a little more electronic sound would suffice.
And my one other complaint.
They sell too many adds.
It makes the film warm and affectionate.
If only more people could see it.
It involves realistic events with truly enjoyable and imperfect characters.
Tracy is one of the great actors of the silver screen.
How each pair of thieves plans out the heist is a thrill to watch.
This is a great movie for any fan of Hong Kong action movies.
Kept me entertained from beginning until the end.
I thought Shannon Lee was awesome in the movie.
Was very surprised CBS would even run this in the first place.
And this show is no different.
Its funny seeing them as pretentious snobs.
Lets see how the next episode does.
But that is not necessarily a bad thing.
And it just might change the way you see the world.
I had a great time watching the first episode of Creature Comforts.
I thought it translated well for American audiences.
It was always fun and always funny.
The pig with the babies suckling and her mother is priceless.
Just the right mix of dead air and comebacks.
There are two birds in a cage.
I had never heard of Barbra before.
Her ability to pull off anything she attempts is legendary.
But they are all here from the very beginning.
You will not be disappointed in viewing this.
This segment is the brightest highlight of the special for many fans and critics.
That she succeeds so brilliantly is a key component of her legend.
sign me up for 10 seasons of this show.
But nobody can argue with the results that are so evident here.
Performers like this only come our way once in a lifetime.
it is better than it sounds.
Not so well written.
Beautiful cinematography i think not.
This movie is one of my very favorites.
I was 15 years old when this movie premiered on the television.
it is all so very funny at times and has a great love interest.
all the young cast are great.
i wish there were more type of these wonderful movies.
It was the story of Micheal and Mary Margaret.
it blows away ALL the other series openers.
I hope this goes longer than 7 years.
He played the part rather well in my opinion.
Do not listen to his Comments.
The story is original and well written.
Powers Booth and Paxton both deliver good performances.
This style of storytelling makes for a good thriller that can not get dull.
and a very ambiguous moral message.
Too bad director Bill Paxton had to go hire himself to star.
still a devil of a good rent.
My husband and I just got done watching this movie.
I'm usually very good at figuring out twisty plots.
but this one had me.
I might even have to buy it.
Whoever worked on the editing really did their job well.
And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of directing.
Now away from the technical stuff.
This movie threw me for a loop.
This movie was artistic genius.
This is a great movie that everyone should see.
It plays like a Dean Koontz book.
God has put him on a mission to rid the world of demons.
Paxton is not clairvoyant as other viewers suggest.
But I'm glad I did not miss it.
I do not think they did anything to promote it.
More surprising yet was the very limited amount of blood actually shown.
Starting with the technology.
Nothing was firmly established.
This is what Voyager COULD have been.
The suspense builds throughout and the twist ending is excellent.
Paxton is at his best in this role.
It has all the trappings of a horror film but this it is not.
Dad first sees the murders as his mission.
But I will say that it is not pleasant.
He loves his children.
We have got to do this.
The angel was clear on this.
I was pleasantly surprised.
All the main players are very good.
This movie challenges you to think.
Bill Paxton plays Dad.
The acting is incredible.
This was an extremely well made film involving faith and family.
This could be the most underrated movie of its genre.
I rank it within the top 10 most favorite horror movies on my list.
It has not one but few very intelligent twists at the end.
What a real treat and quite unexpected.
This is what a real thriller movie is all about.
I was totally surprised and delighted.
I really enjoyed the actors and their characters.
I thought they all gave a great performance and made their characters realistic.
Definitely a 10 out of 10 from me.
Their father claims he can see their sins when he touches them.
This opened with probably the best pilot to a Trek show.
The crew were really good as were the choice of actors for the parts.
When the show was prematurely canceled I was really disappointed.
In A Mirror Darkly showed us what the cast were capable of.
Pity a film or TV movie was never considered.
I was not disappointed.
Bill Paxton really did a good job of directing it too.
It was beautifully shot.
One must also note the plot twists.
He claims to have information about a serial killer chased by FBI.
What happens next is one of the most scary movie I have ever seen.
The direction of Bill Paxton is remarkable.
There is no explicit violence in this horror movie.
A great debut behind the camera.
This film is highly recommended.
My vote is eight.
The synopsis for this movie does a great job at explaining what to expect.
This movie is not gory.
A very promising directorial debut for Bill Paxton.
A couple of plot twists and an eerie finale makes for your moneys worth.
Bill Paxton stars in and directs this highly original film.
Having watched the first time I was by how good it was.
The reviews I had heard were OK .
As a result I was expecting an average thriller at most .
From beginning to end it had me gripped and deserves top marks.
I had to see this gem twice to really appreciate all of it.
I will get the nits out of the way first.
They need to cut that nonsense out.
They are seeing the universe with fresh eyes.
Solid performances from all makes this film with a message easy viewing.
His supposed deceit was even used to discredit the causes which he had championed.
One of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnic identity.
The scenes of the Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed.
This is an excellent movie.
The rest of the cast is solid.
He claimed to be a mixed blood Indian.
Movie that must appears in a list of those who really loves the Nature.
There should be more movies about our Native Americans.
The Sioux Nation has been put on the back burner far too long.
Their poverty is a disgrace to our country.
A very good start.
The doctor has possibilities.
The movie is wonderful.
I definitely plan to look for the book.
This film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not.
Now that is not something you get a lot of recently.
I know some people think the movie is boring but I disagree.
It is a biography of a very complex and extraordinary person.
I give my respect.
And little bit more.
I pay my respect to the original Grey Owl.
He becomes a well known speaker and the masses are ready to listen.
Anyone wanting to argue that point must first watch the movie to understand.
The movie is more about Pony than Grey Owl.
The key scene is Grey Owl admitting his imposture to Pony and her reaction.
A few observations on the user ratings.
This movie is underrated and overlooked but will be noticed for years to come.
The photography was beautiful.
I want to read as much as I can about him.
But I am not surprised.
I like all his movies whether he is acting or directing.
I gave it the highest rating.
Thanks from a proud Canadian.
A good film when you need some time from the madding crowd.
Dud nearly chokes on his repast.
Cook tries to let him down as best as he can.
Sadly very few editions survive.
It beggars belief that this situation was allowed to happen.
The show ended in 1970.
Enough footage was scraped together for a season of B.
It ended rather appropriately with Pete and Dud finding themselves in Heaven.
Moore passed on in 2002.
A disinterested look at the life of policemen.
It has been almost 5 years since the release of this stylish action flick.
The character suits her very well.
This one stood out for it is originality.
I liked the movie so much that I had to own it.
I absolutely loved this movie for it is lack of the same.
Plenty of times I have wanted to do that at a cinema hall.
Never wanted to do so when watching this movie.
Each person makes this show worth watching.
The series is set 150 years from now and 100 years before Captain Kirk.
Come on guys grow up.
The film begins as Claudette Colbert is about to marry Robert Ryan.
What follows is amazingly intelligent and captivating.
A sheep is found mutilated and then a Canadian ornithologist is found slain.
I was expecting a great Indiana Jones type action adventure.
I was delighted by the beautiful landscapes of Africa.
8 out of 10.
It is very reminiscent of a western in many ways.
My vote is nine.
I loved this movie.
Great storyline and actors and good movie sets.
I would like to know where I could get the soundtrack.
I can not find it anywhere.
Please email me if you know where I could get the soundtrack.
I think this is some of his best work.
Congrats to the producers and writers of such a great piece of work.
Watched both parts twice.
He was an excellent choice and I enjoyed every minute of this movie.
It was a big screen movie and not a made for TV movie.
Nor is it a poor attempt to be so.
This version rates a 9.
I will not detail the differences because it would spoil the film.
The cinematography is splendid and the score is perfect.
The movie holds your attention until the end.
Maybe a little dancing would help.
We have Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard as a con man and his companion.
However this is entertaining and worth watching along with LITTLE MISS MARKER.
They have all the difficulties you might expect a hardcore redneck couple to have.
Try and name a movie that depicts real life so vividly.
I have dissected this movie from end to end.
Buds mom calls him approx.
It is a documentary of real life.
This movie is a good one.
I did find one thing weird.
The best was his lousy Texas accent.
Compare that to Friday Night Lights.
I was so shocked to realize I had never watched it.
Just remember all of these BIG stars played big roles in these CHEESY movies.
This is my FAVORITE ALL time movie.
I was in the 2nd grade.
They get in a huge fight.
Bud tries to make Sissy jealous by asking Pam to dance.
Bud then goes home with Pam to her condo in downtown Houston.
Bud is the one who cheats on Sissy.
Sissy is waiting for Bud when he returns home the next day.
Sissy is the ONE who leaves Bud.
I grew up in Houston and was nine when this movie came out.
As a result I do not remember anything about the movie.
Few movies have hit me harder.
This movie is as raw and real as you can get.
I was about 11 years old i found out i live 0.
48 miles from the uncle house.
they have added homes since the movie was made.
i do not know the house number but you can go look it up.
i am now 21 and i enjoy watching this movie.
the bar on Spencer is no longer their.
I drove by the house last week the house still looks great.
where john cross over the railroad cracks they have made 225 higher.
It was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple.
Too bad they are all gone now.
This movie was a classic.
The entire story was well thought out.
I thought the cast and crew did an excellent job.
I thought the screen play was well written and directed.
Scott Glenn should have received an Oscar for best supporting actor.
I did not see this film in the theater.
I HAVE to stop and watch.
It should have been a double CD.
Thank god it was temporary.
Who would a thunk.
The soundtrack is awesome.
But their relationship becomes a real life battle of the sexes.
Bud wants to be a real cowboy.
Sissy wants to be with a real cowboy.
Or why they had to kill off Uncle Bob.
I can not even count the number of times I have seen it.
Shot in a 2.
1 mix for your viewing pleasure.
He heads to Houston to find work and love.
Debra Winger was in her prime.
She looks stunning in her red top.
There is plenty of charisma.
Bud and Sissy seem the ideal couple even if they are trailer trash.
They split up just because it feels so good getting back together.
Urban Cowboy has an amazing soundtrack.
And that Texas twang .
In 1980 the U.
The characters in it may not be the brightest people on Earth.
It started in 1980 with the election of Reagan.
The great country music soundtrack is terrific.
A fun film all the way.
I do not love Country music but I can stomach it.
I would never wear a cowboy hat but I wear hats.
James Bridges directs an American love story as real as it gets.
Marriage is a focus here that is often missed.
It also brings into view the male ego with women and competition.
She soon realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side.
He was believable and real.
still gives me goosebumps.
The supporting cast was incredible.
The dialog between them is touching.
Then I recommend that you take it for what it is.
A pity there were no sequels.
Their instrumental work is tops as well.
It is fitting that the best of this genre should come from this studio.
This has been added to the Film Preservation list and deservedly so.
Maybe the greatest film ever about jazz.
The opening shot continues to haunt my reverie.
I'm not one of those people who watches loads and loads of television.
I developed quite a crush on John Burke.
Both he and Claire did an amazing job of hosting the show together.
You could really tell that they both loved their jobs.
I was hooked instantly.
This film just added to my feelings about foreign silent films vs.
This very strange movie is unlike anything made in the west at the time.
The actors are choreographed more like dance than acting.
In three words A MUST SEE.
In this the series does quite well.
But I hope it will make people research the subject more.
Robert Carlyle overpowers and dominates the screen as no one else does.
I do not know what it is with this movies.
Especially the second part which is just a sum of events that happened.
Just to remember more vividly what happened and see Carlyle giving his best.
Yet it is announced as a surrender.
Yet this strictly American custom is employed in the film.
Robert Carlyle does a fine portrayal of his subject.
But his supporting cast is adequate at best and very often not even that.
These comments are based on the first episode only.
This film works on so many levels.
the financial disaster of 1930.
There is no greater disservice to do to history than to misrepresent it.
He was a human being.
This should never be used to educate.
as it was written.
I do not blame anyone for loathing him.
Which makes watching a refreshing experience.
Of the utterly corrupt ways Hitler used to make it to the top.
We should not forget that this movie is not a documentary.
Who cares how did his dog died anyway.
The flow of history is nicely reflected to spectators.
Mostly we only saw his followers rampaging the streets and cheering him.
I missed it when it was first on in 2003.
9 out of 10.
They provide a true portrait of marriage and betrayal.
There is one exception.
But the story still works.
But the battlefield record of Corporal Hitler is badly distorted.
First the guys beam down to an alien planet thats about to explode.
It takes a ton of convincing before Spock finally gives in and leaves.
You can literally taste the sadness at the end.
Its amazing they managed to jam all this into one fifty minute film.
The Enterprise warps away just as the star explodes.
you are a bully fine coo.
Kirk manages to get back to the library first.
I attended Camp Chesapeake.
It was a similar type summer camp with cabins.
Mr Curtis was my friend and mentor.
I idolized his every being.
Even as he could not swim he was a waterman.
These memories will be with me for eternity.
Everyone in it played a terrific role.
You actually felt like you were a part of the movie watching it.
He plays the kind of guy that everyone wishes they had in their lives.
This is also a good family movie for the most part.
I was really confused about who was who.
He said she was 21.
That made no sense.
She would have been one years old.
None of them had very great careers.
This seemed very real life.
The movie was compared to The Big Chill.
I am a sucker for films like this.
Films that take you back and let you relive your childhood.
He is kind of guy who is the patriarch of the group.
There are many touching scenes and there are many hilarious ones also.
I love this film.
I love everything about it and it is a true hidden gem.
99 it cost me.
One of the few best films of all time.
I think that is why we all like the movie to some extent.
I wish that they could make an Indian Summer version of that.
I would be there so fast.
So who ever thought this movie was lame.
I wish I could.
good movies but the wilderness becomes a character as much as the actors.
Indian Summer is a good film.
It made me feel good and I thought the cast was exceptional.
Solid directing and nice cinematography.
This movie takes me back to when I went to summer camp.
This film captures the absolute essence of what summer camp is all about.
If you have not seen this movie.
I watched this last night after not having seen it for several years.
Campers are invited to the camp of their youth and experience it as adults.
Once exciting activities now seem mundane.
The dialog and mood feel very natural and believable.
A movie that makes you feel good.
This movie is by far one of my favorites.
This series was just like what you would expect from Mr.
Maybe hi is not more intellectual than lot of Big Directors.
Themes of Woo movies is more humanistic that more of the new films.
Sounds ridiculous but this is actually an incredible film.
This remains unknown in the US which is a shame.
A true John Woo masterpiece.
The sword fights with multiple fighters are not the best although quite good.
John Woo is the man.
The scene with Chan and Pray was probably the highlight of the movie.
A good sense of suspense and well timed surprises.
This film has only had a VHS release in the UK.
I highly recommend this movie.
I enjoyed the film very much and I highly recommend it.
It had everything that makes a movie great.
except for real actors.
What can be said about Mr.
I have recently purchased the collection edition of Rudy Ray Moore.
I am deployed in Iraq right now.
This helps me to stay connected to world that I know in the states.
I recommend this site to all my friends.
I first saw this movie about 20 years ago and have never forgotten it.
i recommend to all of you to see all of her movies.
And be sure to share it with your family.
The movie runs a little over 90 minutes and has no chapter stops.
but I have to say I got a kick out of EVIL BREED.
not bad for the first 5 minutes.
And I love gory movies.
The ending makes no sense.
The way they portrayed what people their ages act like was incredibly different.
It is terribly obvious of how little of a fight the kids put up.
The image is of the tramp who really can not get the girl.
Everyone ends up in the pond except Chaplin.
I saw this important intense film tonight.
The film opens with a shocking statistic so do not miss the opening credits.
Danes can as well and both do extraordinarily well in this often challenging film.
Just give him the Oscar now.
Goring has some of the wittiest lines and delivers them with relish.
This is one film were both cuts should be made available.
THE FLOCK is a prime example.
but that is what makes it more realistic.
and that is what makes it better.
Sometimes he pushes the line at his job and beats on the sex offenders.
I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys serial killer and suspense type movies.
The Flock gets that point across nicely.
That part is a little far fetched.
He is just fantastic.
I did not have too much interest in watching The Flock.
But The Flock resulted to be better than what I expected.
That tricks feel out of place and their presence is arbitrary.
Nothing I saw detracted from the power of this film.
It does not seem that this movie managed to please a lot of people.
But this performance is all different.
Direction and photography were adequate.
Of course it is stupid.
You have to see the movie Dr.
Us stupid Americans like our stupid humor.
Anyone who says that this movie is crappy has something wrong with his head.
I found this movie hilarious.
Give it a try.
When they first discover the device and do not know what it is does.
and then again later in the movie.
you will understand when you get there.
I chose the second option.
Few directors know how to communicate essential things.
The imagery of the film was beautiful and that is all you need.
Switch off the conscious control knob of the mind and job done.
There is beautiful scenery and optical illusions.
Blending Eastern and Buddhist philosophies with the visual chicanery of M.
I liked Top Gun.
It held my interest.
Also some of the actors did not receive credit for their roles.
Denver Pyle was a good looking man in his younger days.
Sterling Hayden did the best that he could with poor material.
It is hard to imagine him as a gunslinger.
She seemed flattered that two men may have been fighting over her.
This movie shows how savage the troubles really are.
II because of the perception of the nearness of death.
People were more aware that life could be stopped at one unexpected moment.
Some of the acting was a bit suspect.
7 out of 10.
I quite enjoyed this movie for two reasons.
The second reason is the performances of the actors.
Ginger is in it for the fun of killing.
He believes what he is doing will make a difference in the future.
Clearly an hilarious movie.
Enjoyable for what it is.
I saw this movie years ago on late night television.
The world is made up two different types of moviegoers.
But if you are a Happy Gilmore type.
go see this one.
You will find it hilarious.
Go check it out.
You will be glad you did.
And that is OK.
well fear not because Tim Meadows comes through in spades.
I mean i liked it all until the end where.
Oh no i can not tell u should it for yourself.
It is funny except.
Tim Meadows at his best.
A big boost from Billy Dee Williams.
He and a very funny John Witherspoon provide a solid foundation for Mr.
Have fun with this one.
See this movie if you are into adult humor.
This movie was so good.
Leon Phelps is hilarious.
I have a sheet in my wallet.
Ferrell is his usual quality self in a brilliant side role.
Take your lover by the hand.
Release the power within yourself.
Tame the wild cosmos with a whisper.
Conquer heaven with one intimate caress.
Whip out everything you got and do it in the butt.
Hearing his smarmy lisp and salacious comments made my remote tremble with outrage.
Somehow they came up with this masterpiece.
Whenever he would do this character on the show I would crack up laughing.
I can not believe this movie is not higher rated.
Basically Meadows plays a character not unlike Austin Powers.
This time out it is Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man.
This movie falls somewhere in between a hit and a dud.
Everything seems to ultimately come down to the butt.
The singing and dancing stuff was just completely worthless.
I usually like Will Ferrell but here he just never clicked for me.
So back to the main story.
The story basically centers around Leon and sex.
I am not a big fan of Tim Meadows.
He never wavered from his wanted to just get laid persona.
Stretching the concept into 80 minutes is very difficult.
This had much better Cole Porter songs and lots more energy.
Silk Stockings turned out to be a big disappointment.
Made the whole experience a lot more enjoyable.
Suddenly he spots her a few yards away.
This movie is still great.
One original aspect was that the fight scenes where very short.
I think it is quite original.
I definitely recommend this film.
so my advise is that you should see it.
I love bad movies.
But this is really bad.
The Barbarians is so idiotic movie.
I can not describe how much I laughed when I watched this first time.
The supportive cast is splendid as well.
Absolutely a classic in it is own particular kind of way.
This movie provides a refreshingly different look at barbarians.
If you get a chance to see this movie do so.
You will definitely have a smile on your face most of the time.
the Barbarian Brothers who both seem to be having a ball with their characters.
What a welcomed and way overdue departure from the usual negative portrayals of Arabs.
It also provides a fascinating juxtaposition of traditional Islam and the secular younger generation.
A nice and unusual film.
it sets up its two main characters gently and easily.
I do not know.
Bot of them are affectionate in their frustrations.
You see magnificent views in every city they go.
For westerners it is all bizarre but fascinating.
Father and son communicate very little.
IN fact they speak different languages.
they are difficult and growth is necessary on both parts.
The same was true for the father and son in this film.
Tell your friends to see it.
You will be glad you did.
Of course the creature he picks is Bugs Bunny.
Eddie furlong is inspired casting.
and a humble life.
I certainly recommend it.
Only a couple of days later it was shown on television.
The first reason is that this movie has an actual story.
I guess there are many people who feel about modern art that way.
I give this movie a 6.
I thought this was an utterly charming film.
I think the reviewers are way off base on this one.
Went to see this movie with my brother and his girlfriend.
Both characters were unique but still very human and normal enough to relate to.
John Waters has given us a genuinely enjoyable film.
This is one of the most overlooked gems Hollywood has ever produced.
This movie is incredible.
The performances are outstanding.
I found this film to funny from the start.
One to see if you are looking for something interesting.
This movie kept me constantly entertained.
Waters has gone back to his grittier side.
This is not nearly as polished.
There is a dark side here.
There is not a false moment in this film.
but I want to believe that is what Mr.
Waters is trying to achieve.
It is fascinating to watch how Mr.
This is truly his finest work.
and everything else this country stands for.
This is John Waters best film to date.
So there are no surprises or character changes.
I enjoyed the film because of the wittiness and pace of the story.
Saw this again recently on Comedy Central.
I go 200 times a year.
The best thing about this movie is that it is fun.
I recommend the movie mostly because it is a lot of fun.
It was part of the recent tribute to Mr.
Powell that played at the Walter Reade in New York.
This film marked one of the highlights in Mr.
He was an excellent film actor as he shows us in this movie.
Some of the best British film actors grace this film with their presence.
He also has 2 friends.
it is a mixture of witty comments and hilarious reality.
All of the actors are quite real and very odd.
I think this one was a better film then that one.
She lies about her identity and takes a job packing oranges.
Forget that it is in many ways outdated.
This movie has the most beautiful opening sequence ever made.
The music was really great and very well incorporated into the scenes.
This movie really surprised me.
As for the acting I think it was good.
When you see how slowly the camera pans vs.
I just about fell in love with him.
The Beatles are seen performing songs that hardly were even composed by that time.
I highly recommend this film.
I can still remember first seeing this on TV.
This film was great.
The plot was preposterous.
The action sequences contrived.
The baddies were more silly than bad.
The black actors played normal characters rather than black stereotypes.
The inclusion of a baby added a good touch.
Sympathy might have been a little difficult otherwise.
I have to disagree about the acting.
I really wanted to punch Judge Reinhold.
just watched it on sky TV missed the first half an hour.
there was no brief at the end to say what happened to everyone.
The best thing in them also was the constant tension.
What seems unrealistic is not necessarily so.
But maybe that is my error.
Just a few inches would do.
A stunt driver could do that at 100 mph.
I hope this review has put in reverse that this film is a disaster.
Or at least neutral.
And help it become a runaway success.
I guess we know why.
Suspension of disbelief went out the top window with the baby.
How this has not become a cult film I do not know.
And laugh you will.
He seems to get everywhere.
I highly recommend it.
Daniel has given probably the best performance in all his movies made so far.
Chelsea Blue is a very talented and extremely beautiful actress.
The two should do more work together.
She seems like she has more talent to be shared.
I'm still trying to figure out what some people are so excited about.
At least she can do drama somewhat.
I would give her an A all by herself.
I LOVE this movie.
The music even has a dreamy quality.
This is by far and away the most memorable role of his film career.
She also makes friends and experiences much in a short time.
I think you will like it.
She is definitely one to watch.
CAROL'S JOURNEY is a pleasure to watch for so many reasons.
The LEI average for this film is 9.
I highly recommend this film for all ages.
I was deeply moved by this movie in many respects.
Her acting was superb as well.
True to life and very human.
I found myself immersed in the story and her character.
This is truly a wonderful movie.
The movie gets exceptional marks for its lovely camera work and music.
Spain is going into the direction of political confrontation again.
That is why this masterpiece should be shown in all Spanish High Schools.
It is a tremendous lesson in the hidden criminality of fascism.
The colors are magnificent.
It is a better lesson in history than any book could contain.
Another Spanish movie about the 1936 Civil War.
A well cared production.
Another Excellent Arnold movie.
As for the story .
I'm sure we ARE meant to ask the question.
THEY do not find it incomprehensible.
What to you expect of a kid at age 12.
This is an Arnold movie.
The Running Man is a very typical Arnold feature.
I know his arm WAS skewered but.
I just adore all of the fights and this is truly a special movie.
History has shown that this is exactly what happened.
I loved this film.
I give this film a 10 for sheer originality.
I must have watched it 30 or more times.
Or so the rules claim.
Audience members also win prizes for correctly predicting who will be killed by whom.
You will love that part.
Some have said that the book is better.
But without a doubt Richard Dawson is the standout in this film.
The whole movie itself somewhat rips on game shows and big brother watching you.
The futuristic world and humor are great.
But the great thing about this film is it was quite prophetic.
All 3 are amazing.
Nevertheless the storyline is absolutely fantastic.
Now I would not have elected him governor but that is California for you.
When the stalker is dead.
This movie is one of the most Underrated movie of its time.
Hope you enjoy this gem as much as i did.
There is a little bit of gore.
Technological advances have not dated this classic love story.
Special effects used are remarkable for a 1946 movie.
The acting is superb.
It is my favorite movie of all time.
A chilling and surprisingly realistic tale of reality TV gone mad.
Not when you think about it.
And the masses believe what the media tells them to believe.
Usually it is far from the real truth.
Gone is the horrid letterbox picture.
The colors sparkle and literally pop from the screen.
The new Dolby 5.
I entered my first comment on this film almost five years ago.
The episode begins when an elderly man murders his wife out of unknown motivations.
My vote is eight.
The ending features multiple twists.
A mad scientist creates an almost undetectable poisonous gas.
The College Girl Murders is a real treat for the eye.
Some of The College Girl Murders has no flow or rhythm to it.
Better pacing would have made this a much more enjoyable movie.
This one has a real funky feel to it that I really go into.
From beginning to end it oozes class.
It is as fresh today as it was in 1946.
For a low budget movie this was really good.
Watch out for the cameos of Jeanne and Jared.
She connected well with the action sequences and executed with confidence.
His charisma on screen is always a pleasure to watch.
I loved how the game was played right to the last second.
The film is set in a ward for problem pregnancies.
I could and enjoyed the film quite a bit.
Loretta Young and Eric Linden are a sad case.
Glenda Farrell is an awful person.
But it is highly recommended viewing when it does show up.
This film is highly interesting and entertaining.
The acting is brilliant all around.
Loretta Young is gorgeous here in her prime.
Eric Linden comes out of nowhere and is sincere as can be.
His innocence is reminiscent of Michael J.
I found the film fascinating and exceptionally moving.
I felt his every concern keenly.
9 out of 10.
He was such a rotten guy but he did make me laugh.
He stole the show.
I really wanted to know what happens next.
I was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short.
We start in a school yard.
Two friends are debating on skipping class.
So kid B skips and kid A goes to class.
They were going to learn the meaning of life.
I suggest everyone watch this short.
This is one of the best of the genre.
The fight scenes are frequent and very bloody and brutal.
The first was good and original.
So I heard a second one was made and I had to watch it.
Home Room really surprised me.
Alecia is an outcast who witnessed the entire shooting.
She seems to show no emotion about it.
Deanna is a popular girl and the only surviving victim.
Alecia is forced to visit Deanna at the hospital in order to graduate.
Alecia and Deanna are very different and do not get along at first.
Eventually they develop a mutual understanding for one another and become friends.
Home Room Beautifully shows the power of closeness and turmoil after a school shooting.
I would recommend this film to anyone and everyone.
He is a simple samurai who looses all of his wealth.
Each actor reaches up to their role.
probably faster than several movies nowadays.
This movie is superlative.
Putting the mini movie at the end was a great idea.
We Watched It Like A Couple Of Times And It Was The Best.
I will Get Used To It.
Good Thing Ash And Sam Managed To Snap Him Out Of His Control.
I think this is why people do not like Pokemon.
I have always enjoyed the Pokemon movies.
I love the music in the movie.
So great they kept the Japanese music.
It has a great feeling of friendship.
They could have made his part in the movie a little bigger.
This is a fun movie.
My children sat quietly through the entire thing and loved every minute of it.
I am glad that we got to enjoy this together.
And that is fabulous.
When their superiors order them back into action with Sgt.
I only saw it once.
We were so young.
It was lived by the spectator I was.
A must see by anyone who enjoys this type of movie.
This is the ultimate buddy movie.
i actually liked it better than the 1st one.
i found it more entertaining.
it seemed like it was shot documentary style.
Joan Fontaine gambled her against the valiant sergeants three.
The motion picture has thrills for a thousand movies plundered for one mighty show.
His greatest wish is to become a soldier.
The movie is directed by George Stevens.
The three leading men are brilliant.
Cary Grant is Sgt.
It can be everything a good movie requires.
give superb comic performances.
It never fails to enthrall me.
The lead actors worked so well together.
I just can not get over their exploits in India.
They find the temple of gold and are trapped by the evil Kali supporters.
Din is sent to fetch help and Cutter gets captured.
The Soldiers attack the evil ones and soon defeat them.
To be certain Sgt.
A reckless brave courageous soldier who did not know fear.
It will make a man out of him.
I like that sentiment.
I think this is an excellent film.
A very large scale battle ensues and the enemy is nullified.
Cutter says good work soldier.
This is a very sober point and then he comes to Din.
So I had even more reason to watch.
It was actually better than most sequels for TV movies.
The range of emotions within it is the mark of a great movie.
Stiff Upper British lip and all that.
This movie is one of my all time favorites.
And you will recognize the area from any Randolph Scott movie.
Their physical skills are all on display.
Not a moment of this movie is to be taken seriously.
Dynasties rose and fell.
Or hatred of women.
Men WILL form bonds by working together in a way that women do not.
Hunting is more effective as a team enterprise.
The only cast member that is still alive today is Joan Fontaine.
It certainly has the same rough house humor that Ford laces his films with.
To my surprise I learned it was George Stevens who actually directed it.
Their rule depended on the native troops you see here.
But that is the subject of Gandhi.
The minor technical faults can and must be forgiven.
An actor playing Kipling appears briefly before and after the battle scenes.
To a young boy this was a great film.
Three strong male leads and only a hint of romance.
Not like today when the more skin is greeted with delight.
Too late to lament lost innocence.
I love how Stanley just dumps the women into the lake.
The film picks its villains well.
The main focus is on Sgt.
Anchoring the trio is Sgt.
It reeks of colonial apologia.
This is a great movie.
Seen it about 10 years ago.
And would like to see it again.
And most Changes form pilots to Harley motor cycle rs.
The movie is in a way really happened.
They both give strong performances.
I do not weigh every movie with the same scale.
So it gets a lower rating from me than this movie.
I expect more from George Lucas.
A great comedy which deserves a wider audience.
It was not as bad as some critics were making it out to be.
The cast are also quite good.
Which makes me ponder.
It does have some merit.
This movie is probably my favorite movie of all time.
Miriam Flynn is excellent as Bunny Packard.
I loved this movie.
He also sells her to men.
She escapes to New York and literally sleeps her way to the top.
Nowadays it is pretty tame.
She makes you believe that she enjoys being cruel and sleeping around.
There are also strong supporting performances from handsome Donald Cook and George Brent.
I give this a 9.
She uses her female attributes to sleep her way to the top.
I loved the banter and strong lines between the actors.
Both are classics and a bit better than this film.
Our crafty protagonist does enough skulduggery that all themes are about equal.
And you are lower than any of them.
Look for John Wayne dressed up in a suit and tie in one scene.
This film was all together an alright movie.
I enjoyed this movie a lot.
What I enjoyed most was when she realized what love really was.
The story is no nonsense.
Not a great film but certainly an enjoyable one.
Sequels hardly ever live up to the original.
This definitely proves true in this case.
Quite frankly it is a bit different.
I'm giving it a 6 out of 10.
Lily Powers works at a speakeasy until her father dies.
She then goes to New York to work at an office building.
And what men want is her.
The young John Wayne is seen as Jimmy McCoy Jr.
This movie deals with a brave topic and it does it good.
Baby Face is historically significant movie and therefore good to watch.
Finally she has had enough and relocates to the big city.
Too bad the movie is so short.
And it is not sexual.
Sentiment does not intrude when she is ready to climb the next rung.
Her father is Robert Barrett.
More about this later.
But Morse was a man in a man dominated company.
She is riding with him to the hospital as it ends.
Neither of these are good endings.
And she also never seems to meet any men who are gay.
Otherwise nobody would read him today in college courses.
This is a great film from 1933 which was produced by Darryl F.
It restores vital scenes cut by censors upon its release.
A wonderful film of seduction and power.
One possible result is death.
By all means watch this gem from the distant past and enjoy.
or should I say make time.
No sense going over the story since enough reviewers have done that.
and men will fall over themselves to help you out with whatever you want.
This would be the only time these two performers appeared together on screen.
I have probably already killed at least ten hours watching this film.
This movies also proves that American media spouts government propaganda.
This is an astounding film.
A great film to educate young people about democracy.
It is not only History that Bites.
Democracy can give you one hell of a nip if you let it loose.
And in Venezuela it is loose.
That the mainstream media aided and abetted George W Bush is not surprising.
Their response is the highpoint of the film.
If one seeks an excellent portrait of what the U.
You have never seen anything like it.
A case of being in the right place at the right time.
What a fascinating film.
It is easy to see why Chavez is so popular with his people.
He gets things done.
And it is also easy to see why the west hates him so much.
Or how about the axis of evil.
People need to wake up.
And get different points of view.
Go watch this movie with an open mind.
And make your own mind up.
It is not the people of America that are the problem.
It is the government.
He is found innocent but is cattle is stolen by a corrupt judge.
It gets much better at the halfway point after they arrive in Alaska.
This really is an incredible film.
These filmmakers have recorded a coup unlike anything witnessed before.
Truly a moving experience for anyone with a conscience.
These Irish film makers deserve our gratitude.
He seems as devoted to them as they are to him.
But not everyone is happy with the situation.
This is an extraordinary film about an extraordinary man in an extraordinary situation.
I highly doubt whether George W.
One of the best documentaries released in recent years.
It is all real.
A marine officer in the film mentions this also.
That they wanted to see the peoples confront on the streets.
It is clear that the directors are pro Chavez.
The Irish crew set off with those intentions.
I had no idea of the facts this film presents.
I supposed the protagonist was Mr.
The year is 1896.
They are driving a cattle herd with them.
That would be their key to richness.
Now Jeff only has to get it back and drive it through the U.
Canadian border to Dawson.
There the two men get into the gold business.
The acting work is superb.
Walter Brennan makes a terrific sidekick to Stewart.
This girl was the part.
Ten out of Ten.
Everyone must see this.
Chavez was elected in a landslide vote in 1998.
He banned foreign drift net fishing in Venezuelan waters.
He wiped out illiteracy and set up new free Universities.
They went to the Palace in their millions and demanded that Chavez be returned.
Chavez was rescued by military helicopter and returned to jubilation.
Ten out of ten stars is no exaggeration.
This documentary provides the viewers with unique footage about the 2003 coup in Venezuela.
You will feel like you are in the middle of the situation.
The material in this documentary is so powerful that it brought me to tears.
That can not be tolerated.
Venezuela puts American alleged democracy to shame.
It is a quite remarkable film.
and unprecedented access to a historical event as it unfolds.
This is something new.
Also highly entertaining and exciting.
Some of the more important historical aspects contradict what I have read.
The year is 1964.
No Swelling sound track.
Just clean shots and an attempt to stick to the facts.
What makes this film a true thing is that it is clean.
Just square shots and straight forward shooting style.
The type of camera used makes you feel right there in the jungle.
He did a wonderful job and I will respect him for ever for this.
speech and the Gorilla preparations in Bolivia.
Small and completely forgiven.
The landscape is gorgeous.
And the supporting performances are universally fantastic.
He seems to have specialized in playing best friends.
Extraordinary focus is given to Che meeting the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions.
He is reasonably unreasonable.
Che drives an unbreakable doctrine to leave no wounded man behind.
But there is no feeling that he is deeply directly concerned with his men.
It is the concept.
They exchange fire with faraway assailants.
This is not a war movie.
There is no elaborate cinematography.
You may think the film is too long.
then it definitely works.
The first one meant victory.
This one means defeat.
You will understand it even without that knowledge.
He bravely chooses to tell both in a fairly straightforward way.
The film is far from perfect.
It is probably too long.
I watched part one two days ago and today I saw part two.
A good example of this was when Castro continued his leadership in Cuba.
that is why I give this film a 7 out of 10.
Guerrilla works remarkably well as a standalone film.
The odds stack up against the revolutionaries.
The direction throughout is superb.
5 hours is about right for a movie.
The battle scenes zing as if you were dodging the bullets yourself.
The second movie takes place almost entirely in the forest.
You will wind up missing half the glorious Alberta cinematography by William Daniels.
8 out of 10.
I feel exactly the opposite.
For the most part it was structured finely but somewhat distracting.
Part Two picks up.
not where the last film left off.
Guerrilla an unmitigated downer since the Bolivian revolt was doomed from the start.
There could be much more about his extensive travels and diplomatic missions.
It is a serious miscalculation.
I found myself glancing at my watch and thinking it could have been shorter.
Success or failure in any particular instance become mere details.
I love cinema so what I'm about to confess embarrasses me deeply.
But I felt into a trap perpetrated by.
The regard for its audience is something that we are not used to anymore.
I do not know if we ever were.
The humanity of the man is overwhelming.
The technical mastery is astounding.
And that is life.
but the great outdoors holds many a mystery.
The wildlife footage is still fascinating.
Respectable folk could get hurt out there.
Not in this one.
It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
A must see for anyone who loves photography.
which works for children very well.
The plot is uncomplicated.
Dare I say it is an act of love intended for any innocent heart.
I think that is important for kids to see and try to understand.
Still worth it if they can sit still.
And so it goes on.
I had little to no expectation for THE FOX AND THE CHILD.
This was delivered in spades.
The child and the fox And the story is simple.
Without the hint of an adult in sight.
So she strikes up a friendship with a fox.
Is it a good family film.
I enjoyed every minute of it.
I actually quite enjoyed this show.
I became a fan of Dick Francis.
I would recommend it if you are interested in horse racing and mysteries.
I love CAGED TERROR.
I found the film to be quite creepy.
Good western with many favorite old faces in the lineup.
It was like a bad dream.
Gaunt and ghoulish Charles Middleton is effective as the Strangler.
His final victim is to be the daughter of the ferryman.
I had never seen this film before.
not just the path to the swamp ferry boat either.
Heck she even takes naps on the swamp grass outdoors.
Books on early feminist films should be sure to include this overlooked work.
And be sure to wear your cast iron turtle neck for protection.
The plot is simple.
Its an amazing piece of film making that is probably unique in film history.
Its definitely worth a look if you can come across it.
Strangler of the Swamp is a must for old horror fans like myself.
I just wanted to relate this story for future film historians and buffs.
are highlights of this 1917 feature.
Pickford whip lashing lazy villagers toward church is very funny.
And the final scenes on the sinking ship are very well done.
Griffith for the story ideas.
I waited until the 4th of July to write this because .
because it just feels right to be doing it on this day.
This movie is the result.
Something is clearly missing.
Maybe what is missing is .
dare I say it .
Lionel had been working with Griffith on and off since 1912.
A story goes that he approached Griffith for work and D.
The stunningly voluptuous Ms.
When her grandparents lose their lives to the brutal thugs.
Artwork is of good quality either.
This was stupid funny movie.
i rate this film a 7.
I was really surprised to see that this movie was released in the U.
Walter Brennan does basically the same role he did in Red River years earlier.
but it is funny.
I found it to be really good.
My dad actually recommended me to get it.
What a family I have.
Check it out anyway.
I'm sure you will laugh.
But this is most definitely the best.
I heard they are writing a new script so who knows.
It would have been better if that network had not aired it at all.
The lovable burn out smokers are now roommates.
He has a job and a steady girlfriend.
He received some experience when he did some uncredited work on UP IN SMOKE.
Funny but not as good as the first film.
Followed by NICE DREAMS.
It is good to see such tides turned and how silly they are.
Watch it with a small group or party of mixed gender and 97.
And the other 2.
The audience was laughing all the way through.
This movie was hysterical.
The comedy hits hard and is fairly constant.
We are talking nonstop laughs.
It makes SOMETHING ABOUT MARY seem like a meandering drama.
He is a major talent.
Check out the trailer on whipped.
I look forward to his next effort.
Everyone can use some of it sometimes.
Of course this meant I had to see it.
I was pleasantly surprised as Whipped is actually rather a good movie.
Unfortunately he can not satisfy her sexually and ignores her.
Frustrated she goes home and plans to get a divorce.
Her horse gallops off with her clothes.
They make love and she realizes this is the man she wants.
Now today they are back in.
Shock episodes aside this is just OK.
Except for the music score this could be a silent picture.
So I admire this film more than anything else.
Many people seem to love this movie so I'm in the minority.
Use your own judgment.
Enjoy a great Classic film which was a Shocker Film in 1933.
I will not spoil what transpires.
I gather at least a few people watched it on Sept.
was so chopped up by censors that it was practically unintelligible.
I would love to see the first version released in the U.
I can not comment on this film without discussing its significance to me personally.
As a child bad health prevented me from ever going to a cinema.
She makes love for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience.
This makes it not only almost unique but extremely rewarding to watch.
This was a very daring film for it is day.
One did not need it anyway.
She knows this man is different.
They fall in love for each other and become lovers.
My vote is eight.
However her horse gets romantic notions itself and gallops off to greet its stablemate.
And so the romance is born.
I think there are several worthwhile reasons why.
But in the sense that the characters seldom speak when we expect them to.
I do not claim either to be any better or worse.
They do not jar as much as one would imagine.
Ecstasy is a film that is desperately in need of rediscovery.
It belongs amongst the best films ever made.
This was to be the start of a legendary career.
The husband seems more interested in neatness and order than he does in love.
Some thought it to be scandalous.
Eva goes for a horseback ride and happens across a beautiful lake.
Many might have presumed it was career suicide.
But the story is compelling too and the direction is ahead of its time.
The only thing that really lets the movie down is the acting.
This film is great.
Polanski manages to create a surreal atmosphere of dread and paranoia.
But these are trivial concerns.
A fine Western costume drama.
They share loneliness and to what extent is revealed as the film progresses.
This movie on the other hand was compelling and realistic.
This is my kind of film.
I am fascinated by strange psychotic nightmares and this movie is just that.
But it is also a dark comedy.
The previous tenant is in a hospital after a suicide attempt.
He and Stella become pretty close.
The fantastic Shelley Winters is The Concierge.
The Tenant is something very scary from time to time.
It gives a lot of that psychological scare.
The circle is closed.
The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer.
But as for the preoccupation.
Then the twists and turns start.
Once I watched The Tenant and interpreted it as a horror movie.
Last time I watched it I challenged this initial interpretation.
The overall weirdness of the film is also a plus.
He seems to have few strong feelings about his likes and dislikes.
as his own personality rapidly begins to be wiped away by his own insanity.
Another key theme is helping people and in turn being helped by people.
The loner can do neither and suffers for it.
This nicotine addiction proves fatal.
Probably the first and last time on the screen.
Maybe that is the reason why I took it so seriously.
My vote is eight.
But I did something almost as good.
Movies so sensitive to beauty that you cry for weeks afterward.
I did not watch it.
I deferred until I thought I would be big enough to deserve it.
Trying to get the inners from the edges.
What happens is that time folds and he becomes this woman.
We are fooled into believing that he is merely mad.
The story hardly matters.
The two never meet.
There is a dissonance that may haunt me for the next 30 years.
What Roman does is take this movie and turn it inside out.
We know that everything we see is true because he is the narrator.
We know that the narrator will kill us.
It seems strange for me that some people call this movie a black comedy.
A Kafkaesque thriller of alienation and paranoia.
Polanski was also a master of the slowly unfolding horror film.
This is a rare chance to see Polanski himself in a major role.
This is one creepy movie.
He also believes that they are trying to do the same to him.
What results is a amazing and frightening look at paranoia.
She does offer him employment to get supplies for herself to Dawson.
Renee follows and warns them that Gannon and his associates are following.
There is soon two groups in the town of Dawson.
One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson want to build a decent town.
But the Mounties will not be setting up a station in Dawson for months.
Polanski finds the invisibility of his characters and makes something enormous out of it.
A must see for any movie fan.
She was truly amazing in this movie.
She is mortally shaken with the fact her attacker knows her address.
Kudos to director Robert M.
The man has her purse.
His name is Joe.
A long battle begins against this man.
James Avery is seen as Security Guard.
She got a Golden Globe nomination.
This is not a movie that is supposed to entertain you.
It asks a question is revenge justified.
I loved this excellent movie.
After being rejected by the police she realizes she is on her own.
They are too easy on these criminals.
They find out they have some things in common besides an animal attraction.
She eventually has to decide between Gannon and Jeff.
His demise symbolically opens the door for a woman companion replacement for Jeff.
The sequences shot in the Canadian Rockies provide a breathtaking backdrop to the action.
He pays her a visit one fateful day.
The movie ultimately amounts to a showdown between its two opponents.
This review owes its existence entirely to a review.
My wife and I are greatly blessed by not having any significant musical education.
Such a purchase would increase the average.
From there the movie grows into a colorful story of friendship and loyalty.
I loved this movie.
Kudos to the director and all others that participated on this production.
Quite a gem in the film archives.
I really enjoyed this movie.
Britney is an excellent role model for teens and should be more appreciated.
Holly fulfills her dreams just like Britney.
She will never know how much that means to me.
For the average adult male.
2 out of 10.
I watch movies to be entertained.
What is the movie and does it entertain me.
I watched this movie for the message.
should be more of them.
But forget all of that.
this movie is fun.
Virginia Madsen as the mother does a great job.
so good that I'm going to start watching for her movies.
She reminded me of Diane Lane for all the good reasons.
The production values are above usual TV standards and the music was really great.
It was made back when Cecil B.
They pass a destroyed church of which only one wall remains standing.
Against the wall is a very large crucifix.
com based on my other interests.
They hit the nail on the head with this one.
There is just nothing fit to watch on TV anymore.
It is a shame that the network did not continue it.
You will not be disappointed.
I can not wait to view the episodes which were not aired.
Lucas Black as Caleb is also a superb player.
I had the most tremendous lust for the devil for once in my life.
Favorite actor was Lucas Black.
I adore that southern accent.
There is some hot n steamy scenes.
Some Devilish ones too.
I was sorry to see it cut off.
I would have loved to see where it could have went.
Lucas was frightening and alluring.
I could never remember the name of this show.
I use to watch it when I was 8.
It was the best show to me.
He is a great actor and has been since he was a kid.
I miss this show and wish it would come back out.
If anyone ever sees where they are selling the season please email me.
This was one of the best shows ever made for TV.
Full of mystery and intrigue and twists and turns.
I was lucky I saw this in the UK.
Sheriff Lucas gave many a viewer the willies.
We rooted for Caleb as he strove to resist the overtures of Sheriff Lucas.
The suits definitely made a big mistake in not supporting this show.
This show is quality viewing for a discerning market hungry for quality viewing.
The audience also realizes what Stewart must do.
This is where a great scene occurs.
Stewart walks into his cabin.
He has a sling on his arm.
He stares at it for a few seconds.
He tosses the sling away.
I watched the whole series in like 2 days.
I wanna be like HIM when I grow up.
Lucas Black is great too.
The accents are great too.
After realizing what is going on around us .
the whole new world .
I started looking for this series .
and I was shocked when I read about it and about CBS .
it was trying to deliver a hidden message about something terrifying .
The people who stopped it are the same who are controlling the world Now .
The writing was 1st class and the production second to none.
This show would never be made today and that this a shame.
I really like this show.
I can readily see how it achieved cult status.
Different strokes for different folks.
What we are not seeing is often the most frightening.
Lucas Buck is a narcotic.
He should be like the ultimate loan shark.
The sheriff would be like the next door mythology.
They had me from the first show.
Welcome to Trinity County.
The sheriff is really Satan.
It turns out that Satan has a son named Caleb.
Lucas used it as an excuse to teach Caleb a lesson about evil.
Lucas told Caleb that Ted had half a conscience.
It was pretty funny.
He was taunting the criminals.
And of course he was in complete control at all times.
They actually had you favoring Satan.
Very very excellent show.
it was one of my favorite horror shows of all time.
That is until now.
The comparisons made to Stephen King are just about right.
All in all the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT.
The only hanging thread I felt was Dr Matt.
Having him not be in the final episodes is strange.
I stumbled on this series rather by accident.
Cunningly interesting Western from a director who had few peers in the genre.
The cinematography from William H.
his character had an innocent charm.
There is still commentary and even a little satire.
I was disappointed in how predictable some of the plots and developments thereof were.
I could see many of such coming a mile away.
I recommend it to fans of the franchise and of British comedy in general.
or trying to woe a suitable bride for the prince.
We could still use Black Adder even today.
Hugh is sensational as the dimwit Prince George and Edmund as his brilliant assistant.
I love the episode which Kenneth Connor guest stars as a British thespian.
The two thespians do a silly little act to ward off evil spirits.
Black Adder is funny and almost too good for television.
Some of the best cinematography ever done in the history of film.
One of the best westerns ever.
Rowan Atkinson is hilarious as the verbose and put upon butler Edmund.
He died of complications from the Aids virus.
Holmes involvement in the brutal Wonderland murders.
Despite being mislead the film is actually engaging.
I was completely convinced that I was watching what John C.
Holmes probably looked and acted like in real life.
If you are a John C.
Kudos to director and cast for such a realistic film.
It made me want to cry at times.
his performances of this nature usually leave me in awe.
This movie is a victim of such circumstances.
That is not to say there are not some great performances here.
The other characters fade in to the woodwork which is a pity.
Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable in his role of drug dealing biker.
as are most people.
This is how out of control some lives can become.
He attempts to steal them the herd.
The supporting cast is just as good.
Boogie Nights is also roughly based on his life.
The director does not introduce one single likable individual among the cast.
they will sit around and get high again.
The story was better off with a more straight forward approach.
He is the center of this story anyway.
Nothing compared to Boogie Nights which was kind of slow.
The movie deserves being watched more than once.
The seventies ambiance sensual and full of drugs is amazing.
The actors are the main force holding all together.
5 out of 10.
The best thing about the movie is its quick pace.
There is no time wasted on unnecessary crap.
The cast is good.
Brilliant film of a brutal true story.
One of the most disturbing and tragic periods in American history began.
The fact that Holmes is a porn star is almost irrelevant.
This is a story of a transitional and forgettable era.
Most of these themes revolve around the almost tragic hero of Paul.
On some of those rocks are timeless raindrops.
I am haunted by waters.
This is one of the most amazing stories I have ever seen.
To be honest I really do not know what the problem with it is.
The story is pieced together from the retelling of a few of the participants.
The only thing that is missing is the perspective from the dead people.
He is a caricature of a real person.
The details of the real life murders make this movie even more eerie.
The cocaine use seems so realistic as to make one think.
It is twitchy and grainy.
This is a graphic movie.
This movie is definitely not recommended for everyone.
But the rest of the cast generally give good performances.
I do not know why there are some people who hate this movie so.
Get it while it is still around.
This is rather perfect.
Then we hear something that sounds like a party.
Our star of the picture has his number and his friend his.
The fishing scenes that were filmed in Montana are absolutely breathtaking.
I had no idea that fly fishing could be so attractive.
oh but that would be telling.
Its an amazing little movie.
and its a charming movie that will just make you smile.
Its just a fluffy piece of enjoyment.
I'm sorry I can not say more.
Its just a nice little movie and thats really all you need to know.
The overall humor is really great in this movie.
Also of course the musical moments were more than great.
This is a really enjoyable light and simple pleasant early French musical.
It all adds to the pleasant light comical atmosphere and cuteness of the movie.
Everything about it is quite excellent.
The songs are wonderful.
The acting is very good for this kind of movie.
The romantic moments are also very well developed.
This is definitely one of the high points in cinema history.
This piece is of some interest.
My criticisms of the disc are not that important.
I have no clue why not.
They did a fine job on this film.
The storyline was quite confusing as well.
In typical Japanese fashion it is extremely complicated and confusing.
This constant flipping through time was very much confusing for me.
Karen goes upstairs after hearing noises when she encounters a frightening ghost.
The settings are creepy.
This is the scariest movie I have watched.
I did not see the Japanese version.
I recommend this to horror fans.
I rarely get SCARED when watching films.
But I did get scared from Grudge.
That was probably a good thing.
This film stands on it its own.
I do not agree.
I gave this film 8 of 10.
until i saw The Grudge.
I worried about seeing a bad movie.
I do not consider this a bad movie.
Just a rather well made horror movie.
The scary moments were often predictable.
I gave it a 7.
I am not one of those people.
You get the idea.
I think the most scary scene was.
The next time I hear a cracking noise I will probably feel pretty scared.
Buffy actually does a very good job.
She looks vulnerable and is able to convey her fear well.
a hell of a lot better than the ring.
I saw the movie by myself.
Maybe it is a delayed influence from the success of M.
The original versions of these films should just be playing in U.
theaters in wide release.
I went to this movie expecting an artsy scary film.
What I got was scare after scare.
They become haunted no matter where they are.
I am going to see it again this week and am excited about it.
I gave this film 10 stars because it did what a horror film should.
Like this is Lynch passing gas between his real pieces of film art.
What can you do with aspects of modern life but laugh at it.
If you took it seriously you would go nuts.
The most remarkable feature of these brief pieces are their soundtracks.
Each episode has its own rhythm.
Respiratory and digestive systems provide percussion.
Physical violence supplies the beats.
Chirping birds and buzzing sockets brush along the edges.
Many other elements fill out the orchestra.
I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this.
no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.
I was dead wrong.
but he is victorious in the end.
The ants put on a fabulous song and dance show.
They do give another insight into the mind of one of my favorite directors.
I'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say I enjoyed this.
no redeeming qualities whatsoever.
most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.
This 1988 film is really a great little film.
Overlooked by most people.
I saw it in the theater in 1988 and have loved it ever since.
I recommend it to those who love the movie.
I have always enjoyed films that depict life as it is.
Robert Redford brings a lot to the film.
His narration has a friendly feel that fits the picture perfectly.
6 out of 10.
One of my favorite movies I saw at preview in Seattle.
I actually sent Mike Ferrell some donation money to help the film get distributed.
Not really a dry eye in the house.
Why Hollywood continues to be stupid I do not know.
Get this and see it with someone special.
It is a gem.
He has a disability.
He lives with Eugene who is studying to become a doctor.
Eugene also develops a romance which begins to separate him from his twin brother.
Eugene yells at Dominick and throws him against the wall.
The fact that they must part ways became a very real emotional strain.
He runs away from the scene and hides in a building.
It is somewhat difficult to believe that this went completely unaccounted.
The story will sit with you awhile.
but you hear it in a bar.
I love the childlike humor and appreciate it.
It was so fun.
I remember seeing this one when I was seven or eight.
I recommend this one for all you parents with small kids.
This is a pretty strange movie.
The effects are very good for such a small film.
Someone called it a Party movie and it is.
I will buy it and judge for myself.
Story is basically a Nuclear power plant goes bad and makes zombies.
Then his guts are shoved out of his mouth.
There are a million gore gags and it is almost ALL action.
The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well.
I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for.
Scenes like those would have kept the audience awake.
It is pretty dumb.
but it is also a lot of fun.
I gave this movie an 8.
I have to admit to enjoying bad movies.
I love them I watch all of them.
This wakes up some zombies.
The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll.
I have to admit to enjoying bad movies.
I love them I watch all of them.
This wakes up some zombies.
The gore effects and action never stop until the end credits roll.
Buildings were under water.
cars and houses were underwater.
The fact this movie got made at all is a miracle.
And it is fast paced and energetic and really funny.
From there it just gets crazy and gory and fun.
I have read these reviews on here a few times.
They use the same words and sentences.
Zombie Bloodbath is cheap.
It has some bad acting.
So does half the movies made.
There is much much WORSE out there than this fun movie.
I give both bad and good reviews myself.
It moves fast and never has a dull spot.
You tried to post this same review at Amazon and it got yanked there.
The SAME review only it said it was from Missouri.
This nonsense HAS to stop.
It is obvious you have not seen the films.
Hope this review helps some people see through the stupidity going on here.
And these zombies are fun.
The behind the scenes of Zombie Bloodbath is pretty fun as well.
I felt it was almost as entertaining as the film it was made for.
That guy is truly the highlight of the night.
God bless Todd Sheets.
A ragtag handful of uninfected folks do their best to survive this grueling ordeal.
i give this movie a 10.
Since I am so interested in lake monsters i really dug this movie.
This movie is worth a see.
Good B movie fun for all ages.
The filmmakers spoil the audience with frequent shots of the monster and its mayhem.
I like this movie in a low budget drive in sort of a way.
If you want a real authentic drive in monster movie look no farther.
There are also some good moments of humor.
The overall design is also something very different.
This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen.
The cast is terrific and do a great job in portraying their characters.
I warmly recommend it.
The story and the characters are wonderfully developed .
The Internet Database lists this as a TV show.
Gone a guy who can not seem to keep his head on.
Maybe they are all real or dreams.
Maybe only one exists and dreams of the others.
You will have to wait and find out.
guaranteeing that the beauty intrinsically found in the comic would be faithfully reproduced.
I find this show quite funny and I enjoy watching it.
The acting is O.
We see it in 2009 as somewhat old and maybe predictable.
I give it a 10.
This episode apparently grew out of the cold war.
It then becomes a battle for turf.
They come to truces but distrust takes over and they start again.
But it still is captivating and interesting.
was then embroiled in.
What a savior for peace this movie is.
This 30 minutes is no doubt the sexiest of the series.
And that is about it.
The entire drama rests solely on the shoulders of Mr.
But then one of the kids get kidnapped by Mr.
This film contains some of the best stuff Mike has ever done.
Smooth Criminal is pure genius.
I will rate each segment individually.
Segment 1 opens the film with a Music video.
I even loved the message in the song.
Other than that the segment is still good.
This segment is the Music video but it is redone by Kids.
I liked the dancing but that was like out of nowhere.
I also thought the special effects were good.
I mean why would you talk about drugs in a kids film.
Other wise it was good.
And I do not say it in a bad way.
I watched this movie at the cinema when I was 6 or 7.
And I liked it that way.
Michael Jackson as an actor was good and so were the other cast members.
A man with powers that are not of this world.
She gave it to me to read after we had seen the movie together.
On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops.
I am haunted by waters.
It was so interesting and moving.
I think teens should watch this movie and will learn from it.
I wish it could go in the movies for more people to see.
It then shows the Speed Demon video.
like it when he does the lean.
This is THE most nonsensical film I have ever seen.
But you will find more.
The robot scene in particular is a bit drawn out and strange.
I think that this movie is very neat.
When I first saw this movie I was with my dad.
He encouraged me to watch this movie because it was one of his favorites.
After watching the movie it instantly became one of my favorites.
The movie follows these characters as the each follow their own path.
There is no downside to this movie.
You will be entertained the whole way through.
The two things that are exceptional are the cinematography and the score.
Both of which entrap you in the world Robert Redford creates for you.
This is an all around great movie that is destined to be a classic.
It sure is in my book.
Mr Michael Jackson is an artistic phenomenon.
There also should be a few uninterrupted videos.
Everything I have mentioned is here.
Without Mr Michael Jackson the universe of music videos would be rather poor.
Something the whole family can watch and enjoy.
It also includes some live concert footage.
This movie is great.
This film is no more than a highly entertaining Michael Jackson advertisement.
I hope he is not the latter.
I was a kid .
crazy about Michael Jackson.
He was and is the greatest of all times.
Few days ago a friend gave me a present .
You can truly see the parody that Michael went through his life.
All the best to You where ever You are out there .
The only thing I could have done without was the spiders.
There is lots of singing.
There is lots of singing while dancing.
But there is much more to this movie.
I have loved this movie ever since it first came out.
I love all of the videos in this movie.
Jackson transforms into a giant robot and kills all of Mr.
I love just about every one of the shorts that they have made.
In Micro Phonies the stooges are at there best.
In this short the trio are handymen working in a recording studio.
The voice is amazing.
Curly in drags is heard by Mrs.
The stooge are pelted out of the room.
This is without a doubt the funniest of the Curly stooges shorts.
I have seen it dozens of times and it always makes me laugh.
Even people who do not like the knuckleheads remember this one fondly.
This is an uproar of laughter for any Three Stooges fan to enjoy.
No doubt this is essential viewing for Stooge fans.
especially one that i would want to comment on.
i would like to disagree.
sometimes it takes a lifetime.
and sometimes it never comes at all.
Finally things calm down.
For SAPS AT SEA has its slow spots.
I can not believe people are looking for a plot in this film.
This is Laural and Hardy.
These two were a riot.
Their comic genius is as funny today as it was 70 years ago.
The connection here is the year 1940.
I will mention the significance of the latter later on.
The latter performer especially has a genuine comic moment.
His name was A.
But it is their serious approach and determination that makes them funny.
What the world may have missed in their not considering this as an option.
It has just enough time to it to hit the right notes.
Stan and Ollie work in a factory that manufactures horns.
Unfortunately the goat gnaws the rope until it breaks and the ship sails off.
This is not going to be a peaceful vacation.
Their reactions are brilliant.
In a little town in Montana two brothers grow up.
Some things do happen though.
Norman goes to Dartmouth to study.
The most beautiful thing in this movie is the cinematography.
Fortunately there is more.
They had a bit of an edge that all the later films lack.
Stan and Ollie work at a horn factory.
Maybe it inspired Treasure Planet.
The shows are all basically identical.
The bright spots are the heroine characters.
They actually saved men.
It was by far and above my all time favorite cartoon ever.
It also made me truly care about the characters and what happened to them.
Heck the character Goose actually scared me sometimes.
He was just that odd at the time.
And I gave it a high 7.
As others have said here it was ahead of its time.
Sadly this is why the show was doomed.
I am hoping that more come out.
How does this compare watching it now 20 years after it first came out.
The writing was almost top notch and way ahead of the competition.
2007 has been pretty lame so far for summer movies.
Very nostalgic piece with a bittersweet finale.
And that river haunts me.
And that is why I love it.
But I do not think anyone really cared.
But I loved it.
A new crop of talent needed to be pushed.
As such there was much anticipation for this match.
The heroes all came out to congratulate him on his win.
To truly experience it you should get the DC version.
The DC version is simply incredible.
And exclusive to the game.
And last but not least.
The 4th boss is Venom again.
But Carnage is actually kind of fun to fight.
I gave it an 8 out of 10.
This cool Marvel superhero game pays proper tribute by staying true to the comics.
He does more than spin webs.
Octopus to name a few.
Look for Captain America in a cameo.
The acting is stunningly wonderful.
The characters are very clearly drawn.
Brad Pitt is simply superb as the errant son who rebels.
The other actors and actresses are equally fine in every respect.
The scenery is incredibly beautiful of the mountains and streams of western Montana.
The flaw is that Martha is badly underdeveloped and does not act consistently.
Their development is shown very precisely before and especially after the war.
The three main characters are amazing.
I did not like the pretentious and overrated Apocalypse Now.
Probably my favorite Vietnam War film is The Deer Hunter.
This movie is essentially Deer Hunter 2.
The script is too loose compared to the Deer Hunter.
This is why I can only give this movie 7 out of 10.
I also like the supporting cast.
Everyone in the town is part of the movie.
The town obviously can not handle Vietnam vets very well.
It is interesting how wars effect people.
Never saw it again until it showed up on cable again recently.
Still find it a great Vietnam movie.
Not sure why its not higher rated.
I found everything about this film compelling.
I wish this would be offered on cable more often for people to see.
Its brought home for the rest of there lives.
Dave certainly encourages this idea.
The screenplay is very compelling and full of beautiful characters.
Ed Harris is giving one of the greatest performances up to date.
After the war none is a hero.
I loved this movie.
I had no idea I would be so affected by it.
What an amazing look at how alien Vets feel.
They feel totally apart.
I have no other criticisms.
i actually really liked this movie.
it is not an epic like The Deer Hunter.
it is the acting in this one that makes it so great.
A place where you seldom worry about crime.
There is a lot of deep thinking in this film.
The scenery is worth seeing alone and actually helps relieve tension.
You should finish this film relaxed yet full of insights to your own life.
Granted it was entertaining but shallow.
I cherish each and every frame of this beautiful movie.
Just like all of us.
This movie is about the complexities of the characters involved.
This guy is an awful actor.
This is probably his best performance to date.
Pretty sure they are all making their debuts.
do not rate movies u do not understand.
The muse is really good i really recommend this movie to everyone.
Sam attains fortune and almost forgets his friend but not completely .
But Mac thinks so and so he starts dating with air hostesses .
Its nice but not all that excellent .
So if you wanna watch the movie you are welcome to do so .
The three newcomer actresses are average.
One of the more sensible comedies to hit the Hindi film screens.
He has combined well with the new hunk John Abraham.
The new gals are cute and do complete justice to their roles.
A must watch comedy.
You can not just start casting your fishing line and hope for the best.
This movie was a fantastic comedy.
The roles each character played were done with excellence.
The movie spoke to me.
It enlightened me to a different perception of a person who believes in mankind.
Who believes in peace and gentle behavior.
I like this movie for the conversations and face expressions to it all.
May this movie be blessed.
This movie pretty much surprised me.
Overall it was very entertaining.
A touch of drama adds 2000 realism.
Mary goes back to work.
Rose tries her luck at being a comedian.
Rhoda struggles with a photography career.
I was surprised about how good the writing was.
The little jokes thrown in by Mary and Rhoda were funny.
The script itself was very well put together.
But I had no idea that they worked this well as a team.
everybody else also works well together.
THE ITALIAN is an astonishingly accomplished film for its time.
But times are hard and the family struggles to survive.
Wonderful use of lighting in this film.
The love and support of the family members is evident throughout.
Its a worthwhile movie of a story that should be told.
I felt empathy for the characters and cheered at the end.
A really great movie and true story.
Dan Jansen the Greatest skater ever.
A touching and beautiful movie the whole family can enjoy.
This picture is well worth the time.
I wish they would make more films of this quality.
Thank you for a great film with excellent actors and an excellent story.
It was so funny and I loved it.
It represents the time period way of thinking though.
She is funny and charming.
Anyway Penny Princess is a delightful blend of British farce and romantic comedy.
But at least I found a reason to be grateful for insomnia.
along the lines of Marx Brothers film.
But A River Runs Through It is the story about all generations.
The parents fit snugly into their roles.
Mom takes care of house and home.
Dad does the work of the Lord.
The boys ponder what they will be when they grow up.
Norm has it narrowed down to a boxer or a minister like his dad.
They are at similar points in their lives before college.
Paul is at the top of his game.
Pretty radical for a stoic clergyman.
Pauly just waves it all off with a grin and his irresistible charm.
But the junior brother is losing his grip.
The family that loves him watches helplessly.
The movie is beautiful to watch.
And will admit that I shed quite a few tears throughout.
Yet this is the case in this Hindi film.
I liked this movie sort of reminded me of my marriage.
It is very clean you can see it with family.
Songs are OK too.
I think the writer director is great.
Some of the dialogs are quite good.
The movie depicts complex human emotion very nicely not with over dramatization.
Also shows perfect is after all not so perfect.
Shows very nicely the dynamics of arranged marriage when it is new.
The movie is very well written and directed.
I was waiting to see this movie from a long time.
The story was well knitted and dialogs were more or less appropriate.
This is a really well made movie.
The rest of the cast and crew too are not mentioned at all.
No aesthetic sunsets in this one.
She is outcast from the society.
Desperate for help she accepts his suggestion.
She begs her beloved sister to return.
Krishna promises to stand by her.
There is nothing that is not required in this movie.
Everything is necessary and sufficient.
It is respectful to the subject it handles.
The acting is first rate.
The script is well researched.
This is one of the best movie I have ever seen.
Peoples are really poor and have financial and social problems.
The movie just reflects exactly the same.
Full credit to the director and the actor.
They have done an excellent job.
I do not understand the criteria on which the movies are selected.
Hope to see more movies like this in the future.
Goes way above even any international movie of any repute.
I am really surprised why this has not received the recognition it deserved.
The entire gamut of emotions is conveyed through subtle mannerisms and the eyes.
except when the bras and bullets started flying.
but the truth is it is funny as hell as it is deep.
I recommend this to anyone who likes cult classics.
Also try Fritz the cat and the NINE Lives of Fritz the Cat.
When I was old enough I rented all of these movies out.
And he does one of his better jobs here.
On the crime front it shows the truth.
See for yourself to see what goes down.
Done well and well done.
And it is actually pretty good.
Paramount dropped it like a hot potato that just burst into flame.
It aims it is sights higher and fries some much bigger fish.
Something big is happening here obviously.
But maybe a subject like this needs extremism.
Some subjects can not be tackled gently.
He always has something to say.
Usually at the same time.
Nor is it for the rest of the brothers who wear the shield.
It plays out like an opera or a ballet.
Proceed with extreme caution.
You have been warned.
I saw Cool World and thought it was mediocre and I saw this.
I would have preferred it in full animation but whatever.
They decide to make names for themselves in Harlem.
The film moves on as the Italian mafia want him out.
I was also fascinated hearing Grover Washington Jr.
That is ample warning to anyone who thinks all cartoons are meant for children.
True animation lovers will forgive its clunkiness and fall in love with its inventiveness.
Street Fight is a brilliant piece of brutal satire.
This is not a movie you just watch for fun.
This is a movie you watch when you need food for thought.
To dismiss this film as simply racist is to miss the point entirely.
Montana in the early twentieth century was an environment which was rough and tumble.
The two main characters are very likable.
I suspect the microphone was picking up video monitors on the set.
You will enjoy this.
There was one thing that I was disappointed over.
Sleepwalkers are creatures who drain the life force completely out of humans to survive.
But I find this film annoying.
It was written for the screen by Stephen King and it is maddeningly vague.
The sleepwalkers are never fully explained.
Excellent makeup and special effects too.
If only the script were better.
I can only give this a 7.
Stephen King movies are a funny thing with me.
I either really love them or I loathe them.
Sleepwalkers is one that I really do enjoy and watch it regularly.
The story revolves around Charles Brady and his mother Mary.
The story revolves around what will happen with the girl.
Will Charles spare her or use her to save his mother.
This is not a good movie but I still like it.
but do not expect too much.
It really is so bad its good.
Stephen King was raised on flicks like this.
all it ever will be.
Stop trashing what has already deemed itself as trash.
Really good memories are connected with Camouflage.
Too bad because I would have welcomed her in the genre with open arms.
Sorry to say I have no idea what Hollywood is doing.
Sure give us movies like Batman Begins.
I really hated this trailer because it left me wanting for more.
I was looking around to see when it was coming out.
It was like a terrible practical joke.
Unfortunately it is not going to happen for now.
You left me wanting more.
I have just seen it.
It would be wonderful if they made the entire movie.
This looks like it needs a complete product.
Hope more like this are made.
I just wish that some sensible Warner Bros.
exec gives the OK to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel.
Just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this.
The better part of a century old.
Perhaps what this has most going for it is how polished it is.
The lines are reasonably written.
The acting is perhaps the most evident.
Then there is the writing.
There is a problem in the characterization.
I recommend this to fans of the characters.
i will not go int to the storyline here.
everyone is well cast.
the two actors playing Superman and Batman are well suited to their characters.
The suit Kent wore masked his size.
Batman may have the body of a bodybuilder but not Superman.
Superman flies through the sky.
I do not think there were any full body shots of Superman flying.
All in all it was a good trailer.
This film is really cool.
every thing looks like it came out of the comic book.
Clark Bartram is again our favorite batman.
superman is great too.
the flying effects are OK.
the shot with superman catching the car was VERY believable.
This is a movie i would definitely see if it were real.
overall i give this film a 10 because its a great film.
I Guess that fact alone just floors me.
I do not know guys.
I think Bale and Bartram would be Neck and Neck.
The Acting is pretty nice as well.
The trailer will hype you all up for nothing.
Sort of makes you wonder why this project was made in the first place.
I even found it a pretty laughable thing to watch.
But really the better and more spectacular moments really compensate for this.
The rest of the cast also served its purpose well enough.
This film is still great fun.
And Rhonda Fleming enjoys herself in the least showy of the main roles.
The music in wonderful and memorable.
Very good colorful movie.
Another movie I liked as well later on was High Society with Bing Crosby.
13 days to Glory tells the traditional tale with sympathy toward the Mexican viewpoint.
Failing to keep watch is a major remiss in the military.
Santa Anna was within his prerogatives to be angry.
Raul Julia magnificently carried poor writing through the scene.
This movie is a great.
This is a movie you can watch over and over again.
The princess played by Rhonda Fleming is gorgeous.
This is Crosby at the top of his game.
Even martial arts stereotypes.
the cultural significance of its location.
Rarely is it seen as a growing film town.
But that is all changing now.
More film companies are coming in to shoot.
The main vampire also looks perfect for the role.
The female victim looks vulnerable.
I'm looking forward to seeing future projects by Mr.
The title says it all.
Back in the day no one saw the ironic contradiction in that.
But his heroic death certainly redeemed him.
That man needed such a weapon.
Also loved hearing her sing.
She carries the bulk of the emotional vehicles in fine form.
In reality he probably would die of a broken neck.
Go and buy this one.
Trust me this scene is worth your 6 bucks.
this movie holds a special place in my heart.
It certainly was THE movie for all the heavy metal fans at the time.
You will never look at your stereo the same way again.
I gave this a 10 out of 10 points.
I love it so much.
Those are the reasons i like this movie so much.
You will not be the same person after.
Granted Freddy never molested a girl in a car before.
It was given to the radio station to be played live Halloween night.
It is definitely one great movie.
This movie is sort of a Carrie meets Heavy Metal.
it is such a classic.
You have got living legends of Metal in it.
And Marc Price was great in this film.
This is a must have for metal fans.
Santa Ana as no one since J.
His portrayal is earnest.
He is almost in awe of the older men who share command with him.
The one jarring note was Brian Keith as Crockett.
The script reveals some historical facts overlooked or suppressed in earlier film versions.
I love this movie and never get tired of watching.
The music in it is great.
Any true hard rock fan should see this movie and buy the soundtrack.
With rockers like Gene Simmons and Ozzy Osbourne you can not go wrong.
Definitely a movie for having a few friends over for a good laugh.
A must see for cheesy movie fans.
I can remember being freaked out by metal teens when I was a kid.
It is all about the extreme demonic power of metal.
The acting is pretty good.
I found the performances convincing.
The teen characters are horribly clichd.
So expect the usual array of jocks and nerds.
Every movie critic and metal head hated this movie but I enjoyed it.
But what really sucks is the music.
Porn seems to sell.
One of the scariest monsters I have seen in horror flicks.
I may have nightmares of him next night.
Not recommended for intellectual movie lovers.
They did bring in the issue of slavery.
Raul Julia was a wonderful stage actor.
Here we see the egotistical monster at his worst.
Santa Anna was President of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855.
The amazing thing about him was he managed to keep coming back.
His policies were disasters.
His massacre of Col.
I can be found at YAHOO.
I first saw this film as a teenager.
It was at a time when heavy metal ruled the world.
Trick Or Treat has every element for a movie that rocks.
Monsters start to come out of his speakers and his stereo becomes possessed.
God I love this movie.
They really do not get much better than this.
The plot outline is your standard Heavy Metal horror movie.
Kid plays record backwards.
Hero comes back in demonic form and rocks the town.
You will not be disappointed.
This film is the most cult movie on metal there is.
The the scene that introduces the Dead End Kids is really quite good.
The young kids of the story seemed mere pranksters rather than criminals.
I was all mixed up.
Strange and funny fact i suppose.
and no I am not a child actress.
I graduated here in Texas but I lived in Maryland most my life.
I have seen it several times in my short 19 years.
As it continued I learned quickly through voice overs what was taking place.
Along with a nice twist at the end its a cool package overall.
I walk away from this very satisfied.
The Cure uses voice over to create an intense mood.
The use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story.
The ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result.
The piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot.
The tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do.
What really impress me are the camera work and music.
We see the output are not exactly what we imaged or below our ambitions.
So the energy pushes audience back from the emotion of the film.
I thought it was quite nice for the piece.
Where the film is unfortunately let down however is the sound.
And with any film that is all that matters.
The flow of the film works perfectly and editing was very well done.
There is no major tech.
stuff to point out.
Only minor one I have is that the end credits are a little bouncy.
This is probably due to a rendering issue.
sorry for bad grammar or spelling.
The Cure is an amazing film.
The first thing that struck out at me was the cinematography.
The shooting style of the love scene halfway into the film was amazing.
I thoroughly enjoyed this movie because there was a genuine sincerity in the acting.
The story centers around two girls who have just survived a school shooting.
I just hate it when amazing movies fall through the cracks.
Oh and some of the jump cuts in the movie were kind of jarring.
But all in all a excellent movie.
This one is an excellent addition to that genre.
The unknown lead actress has magnificent performance and is extremely gorgeous.
I hope to have a chance to see her again on the screen.
My vote is nine.
This film had my heart pounding.
This is a film you definitely DON'T want to pass up.
Now if only I can figure out why I watched a cartoon about menstruation.
I hope to show it to my daughter.
Even Pink Floyd increased their fan following after the film was released.
The lead pair were not great actors but they were cute and natural.
He knew what he was doing.
He was killed by a 150 lb.
I can not believe the reviewers who disliked it ever actually saw it.
It is an undiscovered classic.
They were beautiful but inexperienced.
It captures well a significant moment in time.
This movie is one of the masterpieces from Mr.
All criticisms seemed to concentrate on the lack of action and narrative.
Happily I'm no longer in such a minority.
In my point of view a film to remember.
I was surprised at the low rating this film got from viewers.
The print I saw runs 1 hour 50 minutes.
I suspect there is quite a bit of restored footage in this print.
What appears today seems rather tame by current standards.
There is no soundtrack music until almost 1 hour into the film.
Much of the student riot footage looks like stock footage to me.
I hope to get back to see the film a second time.
Basically the common mistake is that the film glorifies the hippie generation.
The two protagonists come from vastly different environments.
It just leaves you in awe.
It just defeats the purpose.
But his interest in this film was not narrowly political.
A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack.
What is astonishing to me is how this film is coming into its own.
Here she feels alien after the adventures with her just killed friend.
He wants to leave.
And it is done in a truly beautiful way.
This film has a powerful philosophical ending.
But that ending has meaning only if you watch the movie from the beginning.
And the desert badlands are beautiful.
I really can not see why.
He is virtually unsurpassed in this skill.
It seems to be an explosion that restores order rather than bringing chaos.
Perhaps that was the point.
reality is brought up.
And it does ask to not be discarded right away after one viewing.
It is safe to say that this movie is certainly on my favorites list.
I will actually agree with that in some ways.
Also the freedom that comes from that.
The setting is enormously beautiful.
It seems to me more like he just wanted out of the situation.
The film is also simply amazing visually.
I think it is the camera movements that are particularly amazing here.
They are certainly facile.
They can still be awful now.
They have always had too much power.
I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting.
which often times he neglects is there anyway.
I have to say that it was a lot of fun.
The movie does a great job of giving us people we can sympathize with.
I am decidedly not in the target audience for this film.
Both films suffer from technical gaffes that are overcome through amazing writing.
The themes and ideas of this film are strong and poignant.
I am decidedly not in the target audience for this film.
Both films suffer from technical gaffes that are overcome through amazing writing.
The themes and ideas of this film are strong and poignant.
at the end of the day .
the sun goes down.
and this film is Awful.
I mean well done to the people involved.
they have made a film.
Fantastic after party too.
I think they are just jealous.
Hopefully there will be a follow up so keep me posted Jon.
Not all scenes will reach the heights for an individual viewer.
And in some very magical way it brings you deep into Spanish culture.
This is a scandal.
My husband was an extra so I was involved from the start.
Only Phil Daniels could fit the role of Grouch.
This is one to watch a few times.
The title was a Great choice.
You will thank me.
I hope to see more of these characters in other films.
The second half of the movie had me grinning and laughing the entire time.
Give this film a go and you will not be disappointed.
I was pleasantly surprised by the film.
Hardly satisfying for her.
I would thoroughly recommend it.
This will become a cult British comedy.
Well worth a visit.
But it will add to it if you do.
This is a great British film.
You will laugh out loud at the antics and enjoy the great soundtrack.
Go on give it a go.
you will not be disappointed.
It certainly takes a number of viewings.
and It has a great soundtrack.
I really think this could well be a cult classic.
1 channel sound system.
I enjoy watching it again and again.
You will not hear swooshes as you go under bridges.
The parallel stories that are intertwined throughout this film will keep all viewers interested.
The photography is simply outstanding.
He moved to France in his early thirties and was influenced by French composers.
There is only one flamenco song in Iberia.
This is a great documentary film.
Any fan of car racing should own a copy of this outstanding film.
The subject is also so fascinating.
The main feature is the race scenes.
They work together so well that every father and son should see this.
You can tell that they are a close family.
I wish we could all have that experience.
To create a good versus evil battle like never before.
Striking a quick flash of energy that transports a human to another world.
I have to start by telling you how I came across this movie.
It was winter time in Alaska around the year 1990.
It is quite possibly the best worst movie ever.
We spent the next two weeks watching this movie and drinking like fish.
It is a true gem.
The laughs will come nonstop and the memories last forever.
you get the point.
The first time I caught this movie was during a very harsh winter.
The music in the background had some kind of magic.
Both of them did their job very good.
Thanks to all for reading my comment.
classic in my opinion.
His shows certainly brought a laughter to the American households of years back.
He would begin the show with an opening monologue.
He lost a son to leukemia at age 11 or so.
the man was pretty wide ranging and a scream.
Relax and be loose was clearly the name of the game there.
Check this out if you are a fan or curious.
He was a riot.
His scheming was wonderful as was his toying with the audience.
There were at times too little drama where more would have been expected.
There were a number of subtractions that hurt the integrity of this film.
I give it a marginal recommendation.
I do not know if I agree with him yet.
I bought this video version of the film.
not that there was a British vs.
American issue about it.
Something that has existed since the beginning of time.
Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello.
Unfortunately this sapped my grief for the character destruction.
An important theme in Othello is isolation caused by racism.
He never has been.
His stage productions were always typified by violence and strong language.
This is a wonderful film.
Every effort to film Shakespeare ought really to be celebrated.
It is not an easy thing to do.
The language somehow breaks the time barrier.
but perhaps it is the actors who really do that.
This movie made me happier than I have been for a while.
It is a very funny and clever movie.
I feel like just going ahead and watching it all over again.
Wow is all I can think to say about that.
I was pleased with the cast of reputable players.
Kick back and enjoy.
The critics are dumb.
This movie is funny and smart.
I loved this movie a lot.
Why does everyone hate this movie so much.
I wish people would love this movie more than they do not.
I do not see you people out there making movies like them.
So people should just watch it and not comment it.
I like this movie.
It is OK through it all.
But this is better than that.
I can not believe this was rated so low.
Take my advice and rent it.
Or like I said you have a good sense of humor.
Most people on the board seem to really hate this film.
If you do not like it.
But I did enjoy it.
Stiller and Black delivered expertly yet again.
They should work together more.
Especially a romantic fantasy.
Little did I know that I was in for a ride through cinematic magic.
Claire Danes shines like the star she is in this movie.
From beginning to end you fall more and more in love with this character.
Overall this was a movie that surprised and delighted me as a movie fan.
Cult classics are nearly impossible to predict.
The plot of the movie is ridiculous.
But that is exactly why the movie is so hilarious.
The plot is really simple.
Everything else is plain odd.
I was cracking up at the shear unwavering weirdness of the movie.
It will only make you mad.
I'm a bit conflicted over this.
The list goes on and on.
If you are looking for something that will scare you stay away.
the acting can at time be also a little crumby.
it scared the hell out of me when it first aired in 1988.
of course it would i was 5 years old.
much better than anything on TV today.
You obviously do not know good TV when you see it.
The episodes are packed with drama and blood.
Freddy is creative in the way he kills people.
This is one horror movie based TV show that gets it right.
Friday the 13th the series had no connection to the movies.
It may have been loosely connected to the movies.
Freddy is basically the narrator for the show.
He watches the actions of people in the real world sometimes getting involved somehow.
i heard it was canceled due to protesting parents.
along with a bullet.
Stardust creates its own mythology and its own world and it works.
Ryan was both the writer and the director.
She desperately needs a connection that Alicia just as desperately resists.
Deanna only makes progress when she retreats.
The viewer keeps expecting the group hug that never seems to happen.
Wood Harris deserves an award.
The film will leave you feeling happy and sad all at the same time.
I saw it at the Boston Film Festival as well.
I saw the movie recently during the Boston Film festival.
It is an all around good film.
The story is something that really keeps you watching.
But the mirror is shattered at the same time.
All Kira Reed fans MUST see this.
They go into a corner room and they do it.
But eventually she tires of his sneakiness and wants to know more.
This movie is different.
I believe it to be her best performance yet.
For a Korean movie.
I liked the fighting scenes.
But I got to admit.
the film was kind of childish.
I enjoyed this film very much.
The acting was also very good.
There was no such crap in this movie.
Hollywood should learn more from Korean productions.
Sex is not always required in a good romantic movie.
And i was right.
Stardust is more of a fairytale than an adventure film.
I have to give extra credits to Claire Danes.
She literally shines in this movie.
Her eyes have this sparkle that fit totally in her character.
The romantic elements also work because of that reason.
The pace slows down and.
Just one last comment.
There is a fair balance between the two.
I would watch it again.
But this one brought my faith back.
The biggest applause should go to the two leads.
The chemistry between the two is very good.
You either love it or you hate it.
Jack Frost is Really a Cool Movie.
It has Great Special Effects and Good Acting.
Most Films these Days lack the Criteria of A Clive Barker Master Piece.
Jack Frost is Very Cool.
10 out of 10.
Ed Also Recommends The Movie Uncle Sam to Fans of Jack Frost.
I mean he took the Carrot and he.
this film is absolutely hilarious.
The lines that are said are completely retarded but really funny.
I rent it and I take it home.
Inside the body of a snowman.
But I chalk that up to a small budget.
I give JACK FROST.
Jack Frost is about a serial killer who is sentenced to death.
Being a killer himself that would turn him into a killer snowman.
Jack now wants revenge on the sheriff who caught him.
Jack now starts his rampage all over again killing people in a small town.
This movie has two claims to fame.
The scene where Jack Frost attacks Shannon Elizabeth is worth watching a few times.
This movie has the worst snowman joke ever.
Note that I did not say that it is better.
The lack of social commentary and realism helps keep things moving.
The snow reminds you more of flocking or Styrofoam peanuts than actual snow.
This remarkable film can be summed up very easily.
This was a fun movie to watch and to give your brain some rest.
Parts of the plot and quotes I found to be very creative.
7 out of 10.
This is one of the funniest movies that I have seen this year.
The people that made it must be so incredibly whacked and twisted.
It is a beautiful thing.
Easily the greatest low budget horror film of all time.
a work of genius.
This was one of those movies.
too much some have said.
i have 27 copies on video and i love them all equally.
i also love anyone else who loves it.
i have learned the dance moves and practice it everyday.
i have some audio recordings of myself singing the song.
What a great gem this is.
The characters are wonderfully interesting to watch.
I think anyone at any age could find something to like about this movie.
Miss Price sets about working on spells designed to bring inanimate objects to life.
Other big names make outstanding roles.
I had the filling everyone is trying to give his best for this movie.
The plot is very original and entertaining.
The animated sequence is also very well done with the live actors.
They only want to go back home.
The oldest boy is very hard to get along with he is a brat.
The kids find out about her secret and that is when the fun begins.
Fun and more of it.
The special effects are quite good.
Add this to your Family Video Library.
You will not be disappointed.
Great family entertainment and we need more films like this today.
Their chemistry was just brilliant as well.
It does not matter he was such a gifted actor you hardly notice.
I loved the marching song of the home army.
The home guard were very important to Britain and this is a warm tribute.
A warm happy film and its a wonder its not done on stage.
The animation movements and layouts are really nice and deserve a thumbs up.
we will miss him a lot.
What is a little disconcerting is the way the scenes have been remastered.
She is held captive by a witch and leashed by an unbreakable chain.
Ben returns to Wall without incident and continues his life.
But it all comes together as the adventure unfolds.
She makes a perfect damsel.
I would have to say that the casting was brilliant.
Endings always surprise me and this was no exception.
Remaking this classic would be as stupid as remaking Mary Poppins.
He was a comic genius who is often forgotten nowadays.
Richard and Robert Sherman outdid themselves on the musical numbers.
And those kids have to deal with a world of magic.
The team of Robert B.
Sherman and Richard M.
Imagine what it would be like with computer generated graphics.
It is a fine mixture of live action and animation.
But only here does she play the female lead.
Both have similar settings in London.
Both have their own magic and a magical woman.
The majority of the songs are good.
I like the black cat.
WOW I remembered why I loved this movie.
I did not know this when I first started watching.
The movie made ever so much more since.
The music they cut out should have been left in.
A lot of people say that the music is forgettable.
the 10 that it really is.
For example in the market there were so many different flavors of lore.
I loved the exotic dancers that accompanied the steel drums.
The story line was wonderful.
This movie is my definite favorite of all times.
This place in England during 1940.
I first saw this when I was 9 and vaguely remember loving it.
It was too long and dragged the movie along.
All in all this is a great movie.
My 5 year old liked it.
This and Mary Poppins are added to my collection.
It was magical and it was lots of fun to watch.
Every scene held a certain charm as you got to know the characters better.
Recommended for those with an interest in India.
The movie perfectly catches a particular time and place with pinpoint accuracy.
We have much to learn from it.
The best movie I have seen in years.
It is certainly not a large cinematic drama story.
This is truly a worthwhile journey of a film to partake.
There are two parts that stay with me.
The 1986 TV movie of The Spirit was a pilot for a possible series.
We can only hope.
He also plays a cameo as the conductor.
Gertrude Michael however provides a bit of spark.
This is where this movie could have been a lot better.
Greetings again from the darkness.
who happens to be played by the stunning Claire Danes.
Lots of bad chasing the good.
Sadly the poor marketing campaign will probably prevent it from making any money.
My guess it will find big success on video.
There is only one good song.
Its a fun movie of the sort they do not make any more.
And try to spot Lucy in the chorus.
This rates a 7.
0 as a curiosity.
I still have enormous issues with the editing however.
Worth a look for any film buff interested in this sort of thing.
But do not for a moment think Mr.
Jessie Ralph is excellent as the seamstress.
A must stroll down Memory Lane.
Lots of plots twists among the musical numbers.
The fusion is highly entertaining.
It works in more ways than one might imagine.
Truly he is coming into his own.
This movie is wonderful.
This movie is really a double MUST SEE one.
I can only regard the current film on its own merits.
This film will be no exception to that rule.
The film does get a bit bogged down in the second half.
The last five minutes of the film were perfect.
Which was the point.
Available within them is information that could concede the safety of the United States.
Henry Fool surprised me.
He is convincing and delightful as Agent Fulbright.
This movie is a pleasure for so many reasons.
I am hoping they do a third.
like the end of the trilogy.
It seems to be missing.
It feels like it needs to be done.
I would buy it.
It is more drama and intrigue.
I will watch it often.
It rates an 8.
This is never suspected at the beginning.
Fay Grim is a true example of what I call a completed puzzle film.
Hal Hartley obviously loves to play with themes.
And he does so to the extreme here.
I realize this was probably what Mr.
But it was still painful to watch at times.
a little disappointed at the sex gimmicks though.
But she had the right amount of melodrama and snide comments throughout the movie.
One student survives and is in the hospital with extensive head injuries.
This film is about SEVERAL things.
this would be the first that could have changed mine.
Henry Fool is a better film.
Thus I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim.
But this is where the subtlety of Fay Grim lies.
But this is no ordinary toy.
It holds a secret that explains much of what happened in the first movie.
I must say that I'm quite impressed with what Hal Hartley has accomplished here.
And the end leaves open the possibility for another sequel.
A wonderfully quirky film with enough twists for a sack of pretzels.
The supporting cast is stellar.
The supporting actors commit to it as well.
I wont even try to tell you the plot.
It becomes more and more ridiculous as you plod along.
This film can definitely stand all on its own.
I have to go the second screening .
I viewed this film most aptly on Sept 11th.
Prod in both these films .
What can be in store for the future of Fay and the Fool family .
Nothing special about any of the characters or the story.
She never knows who to believe or trust.
The writing and direction were both dead on and the acting was superb.
and that is about all I will give away.
I will not spoil it for you.
He has never been better.
Although that may be redundant.
The odds were long.
Brian Wright Copyright 2007.
The dancing of Fred and Ginger is what makes this movie.
Quintessential Astaire and Rogers.
But I could watch the songs over and over.
Good but far from great.
Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers.
This commences the second romantic storyline between Bilge and Connie.
Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers never made anything but great films together.
Excellent art direction and score.
What an entertaining movie.
Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Navy.
Everything works out fine.
Henry Kissinger had groupies.
The last step as they exit is startling.
I like the film for reasons with personal resonance.
I'm certain no breach of discipline was intended.
It was a good idea.
And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
Throughly enjoy all the musical numbers each time I see this movie.
Never seem to tire of it.
Fred and Ginger are always a pleasure to watch.
Astaire and Scott are two Navy men.
It is truly to be treasured and watched again and again.
This really is a great movie.
He has a winning personality and a great smile.
Randy is in my top ten all time favorites list.
he was very likable and could rise to the top on certain occasions.
Especially such a shallow and inconstant man.
Romance blooms for both couples.
Astaire and Rogers at the height of their popularity.
In 1936 Americans thought of the Navy as a place for song and dance.
WWII was still a few years away.
Fred and Ginger dance up the town.
Fred insisted on keeping the take as the dancing was superb nonetheless.
The man was effortless in motion.
This is partly due to the secondary romance between Randolph Scott and Harriet Hilliard.
Scott is rarely ever interesting.
The dancing contest vies for the top spot of any of their numbers.
The dance is just fantastic.
Its imperfections make it all the more perfect.
So the film is well worth watching for its great moments.
It proceeds along smoothly enough but it does drag in places too.
It also has Harriet Hilliard who is rather good in her role.
Here she is touching without being sentimental.
Her two songs are simply and effectively delivered.
More tightening up have made the film even better.
1936 was the most prolific year for Astaire and Rogers.
Grain is still present.
So are age related artifacts.
The audio is Mono but very nicely balanced.
The main basic purpose of the movie is timeless.
Great music by Irving Berlin.
Rogers wears one of the great dresses in movie history.
Luckily he does not attempt to sing or dance.
But now the two are on shore leave.
Again Irving Berlin wrote a hit filled score with him tightly supervising the production.
Their dancing on this one is absolute magic.
Neither Ozzie or Harriet sang on television.
This still has the courtship corniness but not as pronounced as the other films.
No surprise than Ozzie fell for this beauty.
The plot intellect is about as light as feather down.
Delightful numbers from Irving Berlin are sprinkled throughout the show.
Fred and Ginger are out again to charm the world.
and charm the navy.
Everyone and everything is once again just so enjoyable.
Pure classic silliness at its best.
A must for lovers of world cinema.
It follows what they are doing and maybe more what they are not doing.
The tempo is very quiet.
so you have to relax.
breathe out before you see it.
but nothing is happening and you get a little angry over that.
a lot of people will say its disgusting.
but its not that bad.
i think its more used for the marketing.
and theres some really funny moments.
a 60 old woman stripping.
its movie which is real.
i think thats the word.
right up in your face.
and that makes it a bit scary.
no computer manipulation here.
so its much worse in the real world.
maybe they are like the persons in the movie.
i bet theres a lot of them out there.
crazy people living with a nice facade.
All the things that are present in the big advanced cities of today.
I only wish it was a lie.
if this were all the film offered it would be a great deal.
yes his dog gets killed.
a movie about the cruelty of this world.
It also contains some quite funny bits.
And you SEE the people.
You start to hate them without exactly knowing why.
Maybe you will end up like them.
It has beautiful people.
but some are also ugly.
There are a lot of hard working persons trying their best.
A very pessimistic movie.
the cinematography is good too.
I sure do know such people.
Being an Austrian myself this has been a straight knock in my face.
After having seen it you feel almost nothing.
An abusive man mistreats his woman but she forgives him time and again.
The despair in the film is palpable.
Every shred of hope is countered with a sense of despair.
It truly is a gem.
So real is the visceral feeling of the viewer.
A special parochialism and arrogance typical for Vienna are also very well portrayed.
One important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder.
This film is great.
And that every live has its dark and often depressing sides.
I just saw this film at the 2001 Toronto international film festival.
The audience reaction was mixed.
Others seemed to genuinely appreciate how good this film was.
This film shows humanity at its most desperate and pathetic.
The banality of our existence is shoved in our face with utmost glee.
This film show peoples in the middle of the hottest 2 days in Austria.
It shows people humiliating other peoples and being cruel to other peoples.
It show the inability of people to communicate or talk with others.
Because the film is not and easy one to watch.
You can not speak of terms of enjoyment from this film.
You should make your own mind based on what I have said earlier.
This documentary by Marian Cooper is absolutely amazing.
I saw it tonight on Turner Classic Movie channel.
Then up and over a snowy mountain pass all Barefoot.
It is sink or swim and climb or die.
In search of grass for their animals.
The children in the documentary all look happy and healthy.
They had such a hard life.
I wonder if the nomadic tribes of Iran still live like this.
Makes you appreciate modern life in USA.
It took them a week just to cross a river.
Fantastic documentary of 1924.
Watch this and tell me if Cecil B.
Sex is the one thing that he loves because he wants a child.
Some of the scenes are hilarious like with the birth of an alien creature.
This is a swell thing to watch on like a rainy day or something.
I actually enjoyed this quite a bit.
The flying guillotines look wicked and the main villain has no problems using them.
This is one for the more intelligent action fans.
The power to dream is a wonderful thing.
Gain wisdom and benefit mankind.
Freud might express such things in symbols.
The language of fantasy.
Tristan ventures out of a rather twee English village called Wall.
He goes through a break in the wall.
So he pledges to bring back a falling star.
Till he achieves the maturity to discern pedestal divas from real women.
That is not to say that Stardust is without its faults.
Learning to make them real.
See it on the biggest cinema screen you can find.
And Dolby Digital Surround Sound if you can get it.
The actors look like they had a ball.
Maybe you will too.
The movie was a big Car Commercial.
So I guess it was a good movie.
I liked this movie.
It was pretty cool.
Gone in Sixty Seconds comes 13 years after and adds nothing to it.
The Sphinx has a magnetic screen presence that should have been better used.
i went to see this movie with a bunch of friends one night.
Nicolas Cage and the rest of the cast were very good.
The movie is in no way predictable.
There is much more to it.
Everyone should take a look at this movie.
Good action and interesting plot.
I saw this on a flight over to the U.
It has a plot and a lot of action.
The car scenes are great except for the totally fake car jump scene.
All of the other scenes are great.
I really enjoyed it and I hope everyone else does as well.
Eight out of Ten Stars.
The others are not bad either.
There are only two slight flaws to this film.
Only joking he plays the role very well.
And a supreme glory.
We should all be so fortunate.
This movie stays to it is wonderful action and great story.
Overall that is what makes this an excellent fun film to watch.
Although after watching other movies I know better.
That is generally the problem with some movies.
You will end up enjoying the ride.
There are HUNDREDS of films that fit the bill.
but in my opinion Gone In Sixty Seconds is one of the better ones.
Whatever was great about the original has been streamlined.
Whatever was streamlined was also amped up thanks to a bigger budget.
I personally find this kind of thing exhausting.
But car movies rarely come better than this.
So if you hate cars.
So some downsides here but still a pretty good and entertaining movie.
One thing that is true though about Mr.
Not that that mark is bad.
This one was a good choice of Mr.
7 out of 10.
gone in 60 sec.
meaning if they where going for action was it action pact.
I personally thought this was a great film.
This movie has taken a lot of stick.
This movie is a lot of fun.
The actors really make the movie go the distance though.
People of all ages will enjoy it.
Great for some escapism.
Using Buster Keaton in the twilight of his career was an interesting choice.
He may have been the most talented comedian of the silent age.
I have heard his voice before.
That was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell.
This one fact is at the bottom of so many of gags.
It is a Cardinal Rule for his film making.
Stanley Adams was Rollo and served as Mr.
Suddenly he is in modern America.
The beginning was a seven minute silent film.
Mulligan puts the helmet on him and sends him into the future.
He has found contentment.
But he occasionally popped up in television plays and episodes.
The episode does show Keaton in fine fettle for a man in his sixties.
So Buster sends him back with the crazy helmet.
Overall if you are looking to watch a love story this one will suffice.
Samantha likes him from the start and welcomes him as her new cohabitant.
Well all is not well.
But it did have what most of those lack.
I went with 8 friends to a sneak preview viewing of this film.
This short caper exacts nothing more than what it gives to the audience.
The critical reaction is kind of blah.
And it succeeds wonderfully.
I absolutely loved this movie.
I bought it as soon as I could find a copy of it.
I recommend this movie to everybody and anybody.
Especially those who have been affected by any school shooting.
It truly is one of the greatest movies of all time.
I loved this film.
They really grow on you in the film.
This is without a doubt the funniest comedy of the year.
The acting is superb.
You can see that the actors enjoyed making this film.
Not much can be said about this film without spoiling it.
William H Macy and Sam Rockwell lead an amazing cast.
But that does not diminish its genius.
One of the best comedies I have ever seen.
But then I'm of the opinion that if William H.
Macy is in it you can not be disappointed.
The actual heist made me laugh so hard I was crying.
Perhaps the funniest use of underpants in movie history.
if you ignore the screwup factor.
The casting is perfect and the acting standards very high.
Sufficiently so that it stands out from what has gone before.
Very well done guys.
I was not expecting much from this movie.
I was given a ticket for an advanced screening.
I had just gotten off of work.
It was hot and I was tired.
The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing.
The entire cast performs their best comedic acting.
No slow or dry segments.
I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie.
My city lacks of good places where to buy some good films.
The movie relies too much on its simple story and predictable way of storytelling.
You can not help but laughing when everything goes wrong with these guys.
There are some great actors playing these characters.
Isaiah Washington is Leon.
Gabrielle Union plays his love interest Michelle.
This is a highly entertaining flick.
I certainly recommend it.
But real star is actually Guzman.
The funny parts are funny.
The edgy parts are edgy.
you will have a good time.
The Russo Brothers did a fine job directing.
The entire cast performs their best comedic acting.
No slow or dry segments.
I believe they have the funniest roles in the entire movie.
But this movie caught me off guard.
The script was amazingly written.
Everyone gave their part of brilliance from this movie cast.
This is more then that.
Because of one difference.
This fact goes beyond comedy into the soul of that criminals.
I do not like all movies were audience eventually likes and cheers for thieves.
You have to love them all.
Riley with his little baby and wife in jail.
Toto with his pants.
This movie was recommended to me by a friend.
just a little bit.
Anything with William H.
This is probably his best performance since Fargo.
The heist scene at the end was absolutely hilarious.
The direction was also spot on by the Russo brothers.
There are a couple examples of this with the Master and Margarita.
Why can not we find such talent here in the U.
The cult movie for every true Russian intellectual.
OK here is how I do this.
I grade movies on 10 components.
Each component will inherently start with 5 points.
It can then lose or gain 5 points for a possible 10 or 0.
It had a perfect balance of all five aspects.
The Action was fun and exiting.
I thought all the good fairy tales had already been told.
I love that they used C.
The epic scenes were believable.
The magical powers were frighteningly realistic.
Even the newbie actors played their rolls to perfection.
I can honestly remember only one small piece of music from the entire movie.
I am not complaining beyond the fact that the music could be more memorable.
But that is a minor quibble.
Will see how that works out.
The acting by all of these actors is very good.
The special effects and thrills is really good and some of it is surprising.
The movie is filmed very good.
The music is good.
This is a very good and thrilling film.
This movie is good for TV.
Thats all i can think of.
I just got this video used and I was watching it last night.
The scenes of devastation were also extremely well done too.
This movie has some things that are pretty amazing.
The problem was that by then you would be able to hear it.
I enjoy it more than Twister.
But this story is based on actual events.
So this movie was released 16 years after the actual events.
Try think how far storm research has advanced in that time.
where these storms are more frequent.
crew during a relatively weak twister in Kansas.
This happened during a May 1999 outbreak in Oklahoma.
I think that the movie should have been set in the spring.
But it was still a compelling story.
Oh how sweetly wrong I was.
But it was not Lord of Rings.
It was much more intimate than all that.
I have always been of mixed opinion with her.
Cinematography could have been better but not everyone films in New Zealand.
All else is top bracket.
And now that that is done.
First an explanation on what makes a great movie for me.
I loved his selection of instruments and the compositions.
And now to the actors.
On with the review.
As timeless as they come.
This is THE MOVIE.
Go and see it.
The director Ron Howard.
He is probably the best Grinch possible.
I'm sure she has some great future.
The dog is cool.
Reading some other reviews here.
It hurts me every time to see people out there who.
got their hearts two sizes too small.
Let me set the scene.
It is the school holidays and there is absolutely nothing at the movies.
I am with my friend deciding what to see.
We buy tickets not knowing what to expect.
What we got was a roller coaster of fun.
It really brought this childhood movie to life.
I keep on getting this movie stuck in my head.
I expected more from Ron Howard.
I know I was.
If only everyone could have such an attitude.
The movie has nice moments and works well as a movie for kids.
In every scene that he is in hands down he steals the show.
The cinematography is dead on and keeps with the feel of the film.
nothing about the film seems forced.
Though it did have a little Nightmare before Christmas touch to it.
You know kind of dark and spooky.
I loved this film because it helped fill people with the Christmas spirit.
So mostly the Grinch saved Christmas.
This is now one of my favorite movies.
what can i say.
oh yeah those freaking fingers are so weird.
they scare the heck out of me.
He truly carries the movie with his good and fun role.
I thought How The Grinch Stole Christmas was a pretty good movie.
His rhymes are fun to hear.
I have seen in three times and it got better each time.
But I can not believe that is Mr.
And there is a new face in the movie.
The movie was directed by Ron Howard.
If you went to this movie to see some huge academy award presentation.
Jim Carey was incredible as usual.
Ron Howard never misses a beat.
Try not to lose sight of that .
if you do you really wont enjoy the movie.
its not easy as it looks .
I have been eagerly anticipating the opening of this film for several months.
I was not disappointed.
This movie was pure magic.
The villains not only consisted of Dr.
Interesting show and it was kind of nice seeing a conclusion.
It is not often you find that.
Not so with this one.
This keeps you interested.
I found myself enjoying this one.
The casting was also good.
His personality fits nicely.
The gruff natured Commander Rourke was also well chosen with James Garner.
I really liked the casting of Claudia Christian as Helga Sinclair.
Her ability to play a no nonsense personality makes the film more interesting.
it does have 1 thing .
it does have 1 thing .
It is strictly action adventure.
Relative newcomer Charlie Cox is an incredible leading man.
Claire Danes is fantastic as always.
There are also a lot of wonderful moments from minor characters.
even down to facial expressions.
I was about pushed to the limits with Tarzan.
Thankfully they gave the music thing a rest.
One disappointment was the animation.
As for Mylo and Jean wearing similar style glasses.
I do have my doubts about Atlantis when I first saw the preview.
Atlantis was much better than I had anticipated.
It was a great film for all ages.
I noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure.
I think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies.
A lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies.
After a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching Atlantis.
Atlantis was much better than I had anticipated.
Although this film did demand a solid attention span at times.
It was a great film for all ages.
I noticed some of the younger audience expected a comedy but got an adventure.
I think everyone is tired of an endless parade of extreme parodies.
A lot of these kids have seen nothing but parodies.
After a short time everyone seemed very intensely watching Atlantis.
9 out of 10.
And I was convinced of that in the first 15 minutes.
Everyone should check it out.
The quality of those films is given way to the profitability.
Milo is employed by a museum in Washington D.
The crew that is to accompany him is the same as his grandfathers.
The viewer finds themselves caught up in if they will reach Atlantis.
It is enough to keep the interest of the older audience.
The animators have done a wonderful job in then depth of the animation.
The movie is very successful in blending traditional animation with Computer Generated Images.
The characters are believably human.
A few lulls are filled with jokes that the children just may not get.
The creativity of the writers really shines through.
The disappearance of Atlantis from the world is explained.
Although set in 1914 the level of technology used is unrealistic.
This is not a bad thing.
I for one am grateful.
I never thought this movie would lead to my expectations.
The story takes place in 1914 and is about a guy named Milo.
Milo believes in the fabled Atlantis.
The voice cast is great.
They surely know how to carry movies with only their voice talent.
The music is nothing special but likable anyway.
The Deep Canvas sequences are pretty impressive.
The score of James Newton Howard is absolutely great.
But luckily there are not so much of them.
They should have ended up with a better adventure than this.
I thought that this film was very enjoyable.
I watched this film with my wife BEFORE I had my first child.
It rates a 9.
It was definitely better than expected for a Disney movie with no singing.
The background animation was magical.
It was a different level of work for the Disney people.
The music was largely instrumental but that was perfect for the movie.
This was definitely not a film that needed the characters to bust into song.
10 out of 10.
Such diversity has been very apparent in the last couple of years.
Both films feature a boat in some manner.
But what I found was not as clichd as I was expecting.
You may have grasped that this is a rather clichd film.
Every character emulates something that has been done a thousand times before.
Perhaps I missed the point of what the creators intended.
I thought this movie was very well put together.
I liked how they all overcame their conflicts and reached their goals.
I would recommend this movie to anyone.
It was definitely worth the time and money to watch it.
Atlantis has some comic scenes that made me laugh.
Other scenes made me sad.
And others made me glad.
It is a movie any age can enjoy.
It is just like the book.
I do not think that is true.
Passing stones definitely one of the best comedy independent films ever.
You must have a sense of humor to fully enjoy this one.
This show deserves a chance to catch on and be seen.
Surprisingly well made little movie.
Short in length at about 90 minutes.
Plot is slow to unravel.
Caught this film at the Arizona International Film Festival.
Five minutes into it I was sold.
The plot is convoluted without being confusing and raunchy without being gratuitous.
This film is about how we all survive in a world gone mad.
That seems to be the heart of the film.
He takes the utmost ridiculous plot twists and keeps them real.
It is his script and his cast that help keep the whole thing afloat.
This is a unique film.
Not to be missed.
The budget is painfully low.
No point in describing the details.
You must look this great drama.
I gave it an 8 star rating.
Much credit goes to the exhilarating performances by both leads.
He creates a darkly funny portrait.
This is a good family show with a great cast of actors.
This movie is so misunderstood it is not even funny.
If you think of seeing this one for the shootings.
This one deals with the effects and trauma that the survivors must endure.
Even the detectives are seeking the answer we all do.
Highly recommended for teens and adults.
This film is a great example of fine storytelling.
The acting is superb.
The story is inspiring without being overly manipulative or fake.
Men of Honor has many great aspects to it.
who wants to be the first African American deep sea diver in the navy.
of the diving school tampering with his final test.
I thought this move was very good.
Being a military pilot I could relate to many of these parts.
The performances are what make this film special.
I had that very feeling throughout this movie.
I do not believe the U.
Navy was ever that overtly racist.
Certainly not at the risk of his life.
I was more than surprised by it.
A Classic Hollywood Biopic is the best sense of the genre.
The score is also terrific.
The acting performances are all excellent.
me and my sister saw the premiere last night.
it was so good we were glued for the whole thing.
they have some really good actors in this thing.
there will probably be some big twist tho.
i cant wait till Tuesday.
cant wait for the next episode.
Mere glances of these characters during the movie fills you with enthusiasm.
Please watch this movie.
This is one of the best military films ever made.
And it is great because of its focus on values.
The title indicates the source of their bond.
I am selective about what films I purchase.
This is one of those rare ones that I want on my shelf.
leads by example in the conduct of the life he has chosen.
Navy divers in World War II.
Not that the opinion of critics is all THAT important to me.
See this movie and get inspired.
I loved Cuba in this film.
The only fault I could see would have to lie in the supporting cast.
Which I do believe was the reason this powerful story was told.
I really admire your strength.
I never once wondered if it was worth tuning into.
I loved this movie.
It is a definite inspirational movie.
It fills you with pride.
This movie is worth the rental or worth buying.
It should be in everyones home.
Best movie I have seen in a long time.
I love a lot of the quotes.
I use them all the time.
They help keep me on task of what I want to do.
I love this movie.
I watch it whenever I can.
This film is an excellent military movie.
They move out of the barracks when he arrives.
The rest of his screen time shows him pacing around and ranting.
This is probably the best I have seen him.
It is a pleasure watching him work.
But still AB is fine .
She dances like wind .
As a kid I remember being nine or ten and loving this movie.
The songs are both funny and catchy.
proving laughs when you least expect it.
This movie is very funny.
They are up to their usual thing.
With a timely appearance by Mrs.
If you r in mood for fun.
and want to just relax and enjoy.
awesome timing for and good dialog delivery.
its inspired from Bad boys.
people think it might be confusing and stupid.
should not raise any questions.
then flying through the air almost immediately.
This film did that.
All in all it remains a pleasant trifle showcasing a beautiful and charismatic actress.
Modern sensibilities demand great drama.
This is a subtle movie.
Neither the story nor the characters are simple in this movie.
The world it is set in would be alien and not understood today.
This movie helps set the record straight.
Kay Pollack shows us that the Swedish are outstanding movie creators.
as above so below.
that very special point where Divine and Human meet.
I have no idea whether this was conscious or unconscious mimicry.
This film falls into the first category.
The plot sounds sugary and sentimental and slow.
Probably the strongest Swedish movie I have ever seen.
This is a parable revisiting the life and death of Christ.
It is a superb Swedish film .
it was the first Swedish film I have seen .
Yesterday I watched this movie for the third time.
It was recommended to me by a fried several weeks ago.
The storyline here is a familiar one.
I was rapt for the whole two hours.
My blessings with gratitude to you all.
He has bought the old school building where he plans to stay.
The building needs a lot of work.
Daniel begins to explore his new universe.
Lena will ultimately fall in love with Daniel.
The story involves the viewer from the start.
Stefan Nilsson is the composer for most of the beautiful music one hears.
Watch it with your ears.
This is absolutely one of the best movies I have ever seen.
It left a bad taste as it was just too much.
My eyes became wet in these two scenes.
My vote is nine.
She has a most vivid face that leaves no one untouched.
This is a movie that will not leave you untouched.
I would highly recommend this film and rate it a 9.
0 on a scale of 10.
We Americans are suckers for a comeback kid.
I understand this movie was a huge draw in Sweden.
As a very provincial American I can only speculate on the reason.
The message of this movie for me is the same as the movie Titanic.
It can be taken away at any time.
Feeling alive is worth taking the risk.
Give and you will receive.
So start living NOW.
Writing a check is not enough.
We are a social species by the way.
My expectations were quite high for this film.
I was anything but disappointed by this movie.
It felt like real life.
You could feel what Gabriella was feeling in that scene.
You rarely find a movie which feels so realistic.
Having seen this film I might have to agree.
Its success as a crowd pleaser comes from two facts.
I would love to find a way to show it to others.
Saw it at Seattle International Film Festival.
Hollywood could learn so much from this beautiful film.
Maybe a little too nice.
You have to do things with passion.
But some people will not appreciate your passion and will try to stop you.
Hopefully it will find distribution in the United States.
has time or sympathy nor the other side.
He acted really well here and his dialog delivery was also impressive.
This is a pretty OK film.
what can I say.
This is a really great short from Hal Roach.
An OUR GANG Comedy Short.
One of the finest pieces of television drama of the last decade.
I believe she comes from the world of television soaps.
She is simply incredible.
Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary.
I'm a modern guy who previously turned over from TV dramas.
A number of posters have commented on the unsatisfactory conclusion.
The viewer inevitably feels a little cheated.
But in a sense this is unimportant.
And as such it was gripping.
This is a fantastic series first and foremost.
It is very well done and very interesting.
One of the best parts is the narrating by Sir Laurence Oliver.
This was by far the best war documentary ever made.
Each and every aspect of this tragedy was covered in detail.
The film footage is unbelievable and the interviews are fantastic.
The pictures over the opening credits have never left me.
It has affected my view of the world and the peoples in it.
I can not imagine ever getting bored looking at it.
Jeremy Isaacs and Thames TV should be well proud.
Seeing these few episodes from the library makes me want to buy the set.
The world at war is one of the best documentaries about world war 2.
One of the strongest and best documentaries ever made.
All of you must watch this.
This is what we can do to each other.
It does not glorify world.
But this documentary of WWII is heaven.
This documentary series defines the genre.
while the battle of Stalingrad had one episode to itself.
I decided to watch this because of the recommendations from this site.
I would have to say it was worth the effort.
He lives with an older woman called Marie.
Marie owns a retail shop and she provides for Alex.
Alex spends his days at cafs and restaurants.
She was a whore and then she became the mother.
Not a bad effort.
There is one episode that is dedicated to the Holocaust.
Remember is a fitting episode to end this great program.
Every episode begins with a short introduction and then with opening credits.
The credits are accompanied by a powerful music theme.
There are many fitting music pieces throughout the series.
The information included also makes the episodes memorable and entertaining.
Some consider it the finest example of the documentary form.
The program has everything that the viewer needs to know about the war.
I have seen some of them several times.
World At War is perhaps the greatest documentary series of all time.
The historical research is virtually flawless.
I highly recommend it as a learning experience.
World at War is the best WWII documentary that I have seen.
It does not exaggerate or diminish roles of different nations.
It has great music and narrator.
We would talk about nothing else at school the next day.
I imagine the ratings for the first showing were huge.
Perhaps they are showing their bias against documentaries.
This is quite simply documentary making of the very highest standard.
I must have seen this a dozen times over the years.
It expands their critical thinking.
You will be so glad you did.
This should be required viewing for all young people.
If you are interested in this era do not miss this series.
It is required viewing.
You just have to love this masterpiece.
I will never forget it.
This is Paul F.
She is one of the survivors of the hospital.
Then the movie starts.
I can not even describe how wonderfully written I think the movie is.
These things could happen to anyone.
And the things they say are totally understandable.
Look the contrast between them.
Alicia is lonely too.
It eliminates some of the strength the movie has.
A damn fine movie.
She has even come out with good performances in awful movies.
The same I say about Paul F.
I'm hoping the best for all of them.
Certainly any others I have seen pale in comparison.
No one country is given undue credit for the Allied victory.
Laurence Olivier brings great weight and dignity to his role as narrator.
Good for school use as well.
Seriously you will not find a better WWII documentary set on the subject.
Recommend to anyone with even a passing interest.
You get a real upfront taste of what war is all about.
This new release includes bonus material and is in full screen mode.
Now my wish has finally come true.
Buy a copy for your library.
What an eye opener.
My wife and I have watched this whole series at least three times.
I can not imagine how it could be better.
We treasure our copy.
The most compelling documentary series ever made concerning war.
the list is far too long to relate.
The highest possible rating seems unworthy of being applied to this presentation.
I think the value of this series is beyond counting.
I actually really like what I have seen of this cartoon so far.
Well done Warner Bros.
To my surprise I found it enjoyable.
I liked listening to him even before I knew he was Jeff Bennett.
I thought the children in the show did a very good job.
I especially enjoyed the performance of the Emma character.
I enjoyed the scenes with the tooth fairy and the burning of her.
Another good point of the movie is that it kept moving along.
The adult leads were also believable and therefore helped to keep the show entertaining.
All in all an enjoyable night of movie watching.
I thought it was similar to darkness falls which i also liked.
It ruined the movie a bit for me because it was unnecessary.
It was a simple story with believable acting.
i just watched this movie earlier today for the 14th time in 3 days.
i need a life.
i found the movie containing a striking resemblance to broke back mountain.
I t is not a mindless movie like .
duh they do not get it or understand it or what happened.
Yet there are a few colorful comic relief.
the battle was about to rage but not for long.
true to form the British marched straight into withering American fire.
the battle scene in this movies lasts slightly longer than the actual battle itself.
I get into the conversations too.
Even if they are utterly b.
The brunette chick is actually the most masculine person there.
They are too selfish to be anything to each other than stepping stones.
I like the film though.
A very good film indeed.
Charlton Heston as Andrew Jackson was a stroke of genius.
It does not move at the pace of the 1938 version.
The perfect touch of comedy.
Brynner once again rises over mediocre writing to give a fascinating performance.
Nellie Manley did the elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore the difficult makeup.
I would give it a 7.
5 out of 10.
The documentary begins with setting the perspective to several light years.
The footage of J.
has never been published before.
The Death of J.
His political interests can be found in the themes of his lyrics.
Blues is the roots and the rest is the fruits.
I absolutely was into it.
I love the mix of awesomely made fictional scenes.
And the music is so nice.
It is really amazing.
I really liked this movie.
I think part of the reason this movie was made.
So this movie does not follow any book.
But it does follow parts of the games.
I buy and play every Nancy Drew games as soon as it comes out.
And I was right.
The games are based for children 10 yrs and older.
All the games usually get pretty descent reviews and are classified as adventure games.
he should have been more angry with her for how she has treated him.
More teen spy movies by Emma Roberts.
My mom even enjoyed it.
And when she gets her roadster and Ned is there.
I bet next time they will give the movie and actresses a chance.
They all did a great job in my opinion.
But if you have young kids its still appropriate.
I will probably take my 7 year old niece to watch it too.
Ned is pretty much the same.
I liked the push for more conservative dress.
He was a little out of place on a high school campus.
I never quite got why he was there in the first place.
Emma Roberts was adorable in the title role.
I really enjoyed this movie.
You will not be disappointed.
It then begins lampooning the books immediately.
The mystery of the movie is handled more seriously.
The movie does fail to live up to some potential.
And that is exactly Alexandre.
This is not a bad film.
I am really happy that I saw this movie.
I really enjoyed this movie.
Emma was so much fun to watch in the role of Nancy Drew.
It is good to see a new face.
I believe she will go far.
I'm surprised Disney did not release this movie.
This is a good family film which is rare in this day in time.
I can not wait for the sequel.
I'm probably one of the biggest Nancy Drew fans out there.
I Loved this movie.
It kept you entertained the whole time you watched it.
I went with about 10 of my friends and everyone LOVED it.
You just have to give it a chance.
Nancy remains true to herself and her values throughout.
The mystery is just tense enough at times to be engaging.
This film deserves better ratings than some have given it.
Nancy balances her femininity with career minded sleuthing skills.
Nancy Drew even makes a good date movie in my opinion.
I'm saying give film a break.
I came to Nancy Drew expecting the worst.
But I was wrong.
I loved this movie.
a mistake I almost made.
The actors in the movies made the whole thing exciting and funny.
I am still amazed how she found it out.
It was a really great movie and a great mystery.
I definitely recommend watching it.
I am now on 96.
Beware of villains giving this movie a lower grade than it should have.
So what Nancy is in current time.
I found parts of the movie spooky.
I loved the exciting car chases and get aways.
I loved the clues.
It may not be Oscar worthy but its really a good movie.
This was when she was sixteen.
It was clean and appropriate for everyone.
It was funny at times.
I thought Emma Roberts did a great job.
I really enjoyed this movie.
She is not caught up in the trendy competitiveness around her.
I am very disappointed in other reviews written here.
I went with my wife and 12 year old daughter.
We all enjoyed the movie.
I recommend it strongly to every child and every parent.
I disagree with previous comment about this movie.
You do not have to dress like a cheap hooker to be cool.
You can be smart and pretty and classy all at once.
I certainly recommend it.
The Gang of Roses.
The Rose Gang is ready to ride again.
And this time it is personal.
I do not believe this film was taking itself seriously for a moment.
They are so tough even the bartender is shaking when he pours their whiskey.
So she goes and rounds up her old cronies from her bank robbing days.
In order to win the money you have to actually be INTELLIGENT.
It actually requires skill.
You never knew who would be going when.
Quite simply the best reality show ever made.
I guarantee you will finish watching the season.
Then I guarantee that you will watch season 2.
Anderson Cooper is hilarious 2.
The locations in Europe are awesome 3.
The games are mentally challenging 4.
I have to give this one a recommendation.
I know the film snobs are snorting.
Not social commentary or attempting to sway an audience politically.
I highly recommend this film for kids in the 10 to 15 range.
It has actors that were more recognizable back in the day.
Wayne Crawford stars as the main character Jake Speed.
But this movie is done well enough to keep it out of the cellar.
I am surprised not too many people know about it.
I watched it back then on cable TV.
It has its flaws of course.
At times it is a little slow.
It introduces its villain too far into the story.
Jake is more than a Boy Scout.
Imagine a movie industry that really pushed itself to portray good and decent people.
This film is harmless escapist fun.
Something the recent Tomb Raider film lacked.
The first thing I have to say is that I own Jake Speed.
I have seen it at least 10 times.
This movie is one of the most fun movies ever made.
Her sister was kidnapped in Paris and the family has heard nothing.
Jake Speed is a hero.
This film is a great adventure.
I guess it is a cult film with a very small cult following.
And the pacing does sag on occasion.
Her parents are entertaining enough.
It seemed very stagy and cheesy.
Definitely give it a chance if you appreciate great dialog.
Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth.
It is quite interesting how Shaw layers meaning within the rather standard comedic plot.
The other players are letter perfect.
The plots are generally clever.
Enjoy this for what it is.
But what they talk about is just what makes life worth living.
It has the great triangular shaped headlights.
There is a nice little story beneath the runway model approach in this film.
See if you can find that one.
And it is not only homosexuals.
or his real life counterparts would have.
Jeremy Brett IS Sherlock Holmes and in my opinion there can be no other.
One might make the argument that Mr.
Brett and to this I would agree.
The story is interesting and dark.
And most of the episode plots come across as palatable.
A blind person could tell.
Just listen to them talk.
Yet Alexandre is shown to be as chauvinistic and jealous as any other man.
The film is an extremely icy end to the highly revolutionary French New Wave.
The thesis that Peruvians migrated to Polynesia is alive and well.
I would be interested in buying it.
This documentary follows Dr.
Do yourself a favor and read the book first.
Brazilian films often get more positive appraisals than they actually deserve.
It seems to be bluntly rejected by female spectators at large.
I mean as far as graphical violence is concerned.
We have the same here.
All actors are improvising and they are very realistic.
It shows something of the everyday life of many Brazilians.
And that is the only negative comment I have on this film.
Despite this I liked the movie and the way the story unravels itself.
My vote is eight.
One of the last classics of the French New Wave.
This is undoubtedly a film that stays with you.
But that just adds to the power this film has.
Its about people and how they deal with tragedy.
The acting is superb.
I highly recommend this film to anyone.
I'm going to keep this review short and sweet.
This film is absolutely stunning.
It is a visual treat.
Overall you get the impression of a graphic novel in footage form.
All in all a great film and highly recommended.
The plot and layout is not overly original.
It is not hard to figure it all out.
At its base is the more primitive industrial infrastructure.
Paris has been intricately animated and laid out in brilliant black and white.
I can love and loath in the same light.
It is definitely an experience I recommend for lovers of the visual arts.
It immerses you into the world of a future Paris.
The overall effect is a harsh and gritty urban world filled with small surprises.
I am going to have to see this one again to get everything.
The year is 2054.
Paris is both ultramodern and crumbling into decay.
A tough police captain investigates.
The pacing and plot development are marvelous and the dialogs crisp.
I would almost give it 10 out of 10.
Add a detective story and you have got an interesting film.
But it sure is fun.
You should really be careful what you AXE Santa for.
Have a Scary Christmas and a Happy New Fear.
Okay I will stop.
Every second of the film is gorgeous.
Take away the sumptuous visuals and it is a barely average film.
This is to be applauded.
I identify this film with this.
This film is certainly more about style than story.
Whether thats a good thing or not is up to the viewer.
I would recommend it.
Animation always seems to be fringe.
If you are a normal person you will get scared by this.
That was one of my fears for this movie.
English might be more interesting what with Craig and everything.
A final word of praise to the animation.
This one is the 1st.
One of the producers was there and gave a brief introduction.
to me was really good.
Things you would not be able to do or see is accomplished beautifully.
I think you will not regret it.
I highly recommend this film.
Make any excuse you need to see this film.
I will definitely recommend Renaissance to friends.
That same can not be said of Renaissance.
The visuals are staggering.
The world of Renaissance is remarkable.
7 out of 10.
The best Treasure Island ever made.
No one makes films like this.
This is one of my favorite pictures.
This is an important film.
It challenges the viewer and encourages you to pay attention.
The director seems interested in taking apart some of the more tired cinematic conventions.
This is weird wild stuff.
The first film ever made.
But consider this short again.
worse is the historical reality of the film.
The film therefore describes two types of imprisonment.
It is stunning to see moving images from the year 1895.
This was one of the most important movies in history.
Until the photograph started to move.
And it is all because of this.
And the dog on the bike is a lovely touch.
All this within fifty seconds.
The word genius is often overused.
I had forgotten Santa was played by Drake over the years.
His Santa is an unstoppable force and quite frightening at times.
You can probably guess how Santa finally gets into the house.
We start with closed doors of the Lumire factory.
When they are all out the doors close again.
Being bored by this is close to impossible for multiple reasons.
The screen was stretched in a doorway between two rooms.
Louis had an innate sense for motion picture taking.
And this was the first film projected for the entertainment of the general public.
Be sure to read the great novel.
She brings credibility to her character and makes the film intriguing.
But the story itself is not so much.
The results are predictable.
But I liked it anyway.
The cinematography lends the film a polished look.
overall an Excellent movie and a must see.
So little is known about both of them and this movie describes them uniquely.
Such movies are like leap years.
They come after only so much time.
The events in the film are mostly real.
The film does not debunk Gandhi and his ideals.
The film presents an unusual scenario that happened.
He wrote and directed the play Mahatma vs.
Gandhi that had considerable impact on the Indian theater community.
The acting by a small cast is pretty good.
Let me move to the movie review now.
Gandhi the true Human.
I saw the movie and really could not stop my tears.
This movie could have been great.
My big gripe is that I thought Gandhi was surprisingly uncharismatic in the movie.
It could have been better acted by the person who played Gandhi.
This movie is simply awesome.
It was a very sensitive issue and movie was superb.
Show us incidents of their early conflict.
Only a fully enlightened man could possibly detach himself from his loved ones.
A man with such caliber leads his family and followers by example.
He deserves an Oscar nomination for this one.
Most scenes of the movie would be nice desktop wallpapers.
It showcase that Gandhi believes more on practical study rather then formal education.
I am leaving reader to see movie to catch further story.
He performed well and with quite an ease.
Other actor have also justifies their performances.
Costume looks and match with context.
Gandhi My Father is a well made movie.
But I will cut three points as there were few shortcomings.
It shows how The Mahatma had to kill M.
This is a beautifully done film.
He expressed emotions very naturally.
I just do not get it.
This is an very good movie.
This is one that I would rent over and over again.
It is not like your normal superhero movie.
Macy is the bomb.
The best scenes in the film give this film its emotional grounding.
There are people who should not see this movie.
I have been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time.
Ben Stiller has always seemed to be slumming in the roles he takes.
You can also understand her exasperation.
I saw this movie the day it came out last year.
Laughing right now as I think about it.
as well as her precious young daughters.
This episode is warmly remembered by even those casually acquainted with the program.
There are many problems with Mystery Men.
The special effects detract from the story and are not really that special.
Now onto the decent parts.
The directing behind this film was fantastic for a comedy.
becoming real Super Heroes.
and ends up capturing C.
within hours of his release from prison.
Tom Waits seems somehow confused by his own lines as the mad inventor Dr.
Where have we heard that before.
Furious you know this is not your conventional rags to riches story.
They said he fell down an elevator shaft.
A very big surprise.
This is too rich a comedy to be destroyed so easily.
The relationships between these three characters make the heart of the movie.
David has dreams that warn him of the future.
But it is also related to the case David is defending.
How it is related is one of the great revelations of the movie.
The photography is also quite good.
This movie is too clever to be that simplistic.
You will thank me.
I saw this in theaters and absolutely adored it.
This film also introduced me to William H.
I loved the fact that The Bowler talked to the ball.
Some of the funniest stuff involved Stiller and his character Mr.
This is a great movie.
I love it more each time i watch.
This is pitch perfect ensemble acting.
You can not watch it again until you have seen it the first time.
This movie was a brilliant concept.
This one is a must buy.
I definitely recommend this movie.
AKA I got a little bored in spots.
I might just need to watch it again though.
Good film about obsession and mystery.
For him alone this film is worth watching .
Mystery Men is one of those movies that gets funnier over time.
It is my favorite film of the last two years.
My kids are 13 and 11 and we all three love this film.
Great acting and comedy.
We love Galaxy Quest and Monty Python flicks too.
This movie is a lot of fun.
There IS a William H.
Except for maybe Melissa in Clarissa Explains it All.
It is finally coming out.
The first season will be available March 2007.
I missed it the first 100 times around.
I wish I could buy the whole series right now.
What am I going to say.
Punky Brewster is pretty awesome too.
if you are gonna have new people at least keep them.
i must say the last few seasons were absolutely terrible.
i saw the last episode.
i would have liked to know what happened after.
I used to love Sabrina The Teenage Witch and have seen every single episode.
Because after that the show definitely lost some of it is magic.
I always liked Sabrina because she was smart.
She was also friendly and easy going which made her enjoyable to watch.
And then there are those scary dreams that come and go at odd times.
Well structured screenplay deepens interest throughout.
Audiences can readily identify with them.
Alicia Browning is an older girl who is trying to graduate high school.
Alicia is made to go to the hospital by the school principal.
Busy Phillips makes an excellent Alicia and Erika Christiansen is equally good as Deanna.
Ryan wanted to give this movie.
i really liked the first 2 seasons.
because a lot of good characters disappeared later on.
i just wished they could have made more better ones.
the opening sequence of season four includes the characters in bubbles.
I used to love the magic of Sabrina and the teenage witch.
But there are a lot of questions unanswered.
And I want to see the last episode of S.
I only wish there were some newer episodes that we could all enjoy.
I remember this show as it became a regular viewing on a Saturday evening.
So Sabrina must learn how to control hr powers and use them effectively.
The show was funny and entertaining.
It kept Saturday evenings entertaining for a 10 year old boy.
and made him laugh out loud.
I know sometimes its really really corny.
Harvey and Sabrina make a really cute couple and Salem is absolutely hilarious.
I definitely recommend it if your looking for some light and funny entertainment.
The best season is probably 3.
I'm not really a fan of some of the seventh season twists.
Your submission must be your own original work.
Comments that do not meet the guidelines will not be posted.
Please write in English only.
THE LAST WAVE is never going to win over the mainstream audience.
Richard Chamberlain as the lawyer is at his peak here.
Check it out on a slow Saturday night.
Sabrina the Teenage Witch was one of my favorite T.
Not to put down Hilda and Zelda.
I think at 18 they know rules are important.
Well this took her about a few weeks of getting used to.
She had to turn back time and repeat a day.
Sabrina was a hero in my opinion.
then I do not know what is.
My favorite character was Salem.
Those episodes were great.
Overall I really miss this show.
I hope one day ABC brings it back with new episodes.
But I definitely have some bones to pick with it.
Not a single wave is ridden start to finish.
Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip.
It would have been good to see some of them.
It must be a couple of frames in length at the max.
The same sentiment shows up in the main production.
He is a super drag on the movie.
There is a tremendous amount of effort that went into this movie.
There are some uses of still photography that are phenomenal.
It really touched me.
It is just that the movie could have been so much more.
There are some beautiful panoramic shots of waves with a magnificent soundtrack.
It believes in the quest of the surfer.
It believes in the beauty of human goofiness.
Surfing is the ultimate narcissism.
I suspect Alexander the Great would not be celebrated for his surfing technique.
This movie has no military heroes.
It has no guns.
This is not a problem.
Peace is not desperate.
It is the joy of exhalation.
You frightened my wife.
I do not think I will go on much about the plot.
Nothing is ever made entirely clear.
But I do not care about that.
What a euphoric way to spend your youthful days.
We see how the media discovered and promoted the sport after a slow start.
A rousing musical background of contemporary music from all eras accompanies the story.
Have a great ride.
There is a gritty reality to the sport as well.
I was never happier.
It was this message that really impressed me.
Riding Giants is an amazing movie.
It really shows how these people lived back then just to surf.
To them the waves were their girls.
In fact the surfers also scared of big waves.
Even somebody got killed by it.
But they still kept on surfing and enjoyed themselves.
Only brave people can do it.
The amazing cinematography can not be overlooked.
That is absolutely visual enjoyment.
An excellent sports documentary.
This guy should never have been given a Thesaurus.
The use of old film clips throughout was masterfully done.
This a great film.
I stumbled upon this movie on cable and was totally hooked.
Now for the film.
I got nothing more to say.
I rate this 10 out of 10.
This movie just captivated me.
He was deeply moved by the audience reception of him and film.
To begin this film was structurally sound.
This allows you to really go deeper into the mind of each one.
This is what really attracted me to this film.
It only created more excitement and more passion to do better.
This film was the direct opposite.
Good parts from all.
Where the Sidewalk Ends is worth checking out if you get the chance.
The morally guilty cop is driven by impulses from the past.
He immediately goes to the phone to report the incident but he hesitates.
His job was at risk.
At least I think they must be multiple.
Andrews is pretty good.
He has no sense of humor at all.
His underplaying is perfect for the part.
Little twitches or blinks project his thoughts and emotional states.
Otto Preminger made this type of movie just about his own.
Great lighting and mood setting.
8 out of 10.
The chivalrous Morrison intervenes but Paine knocks him out cold.
The ending is not exactly upbeat as Mark will have to face the music.
And this is it.
Dixon obviously hates what he sees there and gets rough right away.
We know he has a reputation for roughing up suspects.
Good cop but getting out of control easy.
I consider it almost humorous the way you came after me alone.
Dixon has a deep feeling of guilt and hates himself for those reasons.
He is straight at last.
This time he does NOT use excessive force but the assailant is killed.
Dixon goes on to dispose of the body in a nearby river.
This information leads to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder.
The troubled man reclaims himself with his own tangled impression of rectitude.
just not quite right.
I watched this movie again after many years tonight.
The plot is convincingly worked out and exciting.
Thematically the film is nothing special.
The camera work is likewise disappointing.
No effort is made to assign the camera to anything.
The night cityscapes give the film an air of menace.
Andrews plays New York City Detective Sgt.
Now he must cover up the murder.
This movie belongs to Andrews.
Absorbing apocalyptic drama builds it is story methodically and is completely original and unpredictable.
But that is where most of the comparisons end.
Where the Sidewalk Ends is set in a completely different strata.
He does his best to cover it up.
She has a quality that can make even the bleakest of moments seem brighter.
The advice is for him to cool off for his own good.
But instead he takes matters into his own hands.
The pacing of this superb film is taut and gripping.
And Andrews may never have excelled his performance here.
We are a long way from LAURA.
But that is really not the point.
I used to watch this show when I was a little girl.
I vaguely remember the theme song.
We are led along the same path but forced to find answers for ourselves.
I Caught This Movie On T.
Excellent writing and wild cast.
The tech is poor but it is obviously very low budget.
In any case one of the most inventive comedies I have seen lately.
The screenwriter in particular is fine.
This was a very well scripted movie.
Great fun if you just want a stupid film.
Good film with a great supporting cast.
But the two manage to continue working together to please their audiences.
He gets deep into character as a jealous and murderous man.
Colman seems faultless in this role.
very good use of shadows and light and silhouette.
He put into that character all his talent and sincerity.
It was like watching Spenser Tracy as Dr.
I would see this movie repeatedly and never feel bored.
I saw this film years ago and liked it.
I just saw it again and loved it.
It became his best known part.
Colman is an actor who really does take the Method quite seriously.
About as opposite a part as you can get.
Colman loves her dearly as well and wants her back.
But here he is not heroic.
He stops himself and leaves.
It showed his blind fury.
But it is only that moment.
All three white actors did the role in black face.
So the film is definitely worth watching.
The way he has of becoming someone else every night.
Tony tells her his name is Martin.
The story and the characters were some of the best I have ever seen.
I beat the game at least 3 times and loved every second of it.
or at least a remake.
I think my favorite aspect of the game is the battle system.
The translation as well leaves something to be desired.
The script is very good.
I would love to help with that project any day.
The multitude of side quests makes it different every time you play.
I remember this game.
And I believe it should be made into a movie.
But this is different than Final Fantasy.
A definite 10 out of 10.
I absolutely love this game to death.
On this adventure you encounter wondrous creatures and boss fights.
You also encounter some friends on the way who have their own special element.
All I can say is most of you have missed the whole concept.
The only other game show I ever liked was Match Game.
One of the more intelligent serial killer movies in recent history.
Others will want to discover more about this enigmatic criminal.
The director here plays viewer expectations and pulls it off.
Some people dislike any movie that is shot on video.
These attitudes are on the way out.
Not only does he manage to make an interesting film on the cheap.
The film follows a young man who copies the original Zodiac Killer.
This film is NOT about the original Zodiac killer.
I have also heard people whine about this film being shot on video.
This is a gritty and street level horror film.
You got to like that statement.
The alternate universe scenario seems eerily realistic.
This episode is a bit confusing.
Clark is told that the life that he knew was all in his head.
And the doctor is an escapee from the Phantom Zone.
The industry dropped the ball on this.
Which gave it no chance to be seen.
Great performances of the 2 lead actresses make this movie.
Girl Interrupted comes to mind.
If you like that you will like this.
Erica is even better in this than in Traffic.
So to make the world right again see this and recommend it.
Finally a story allows Welling to show how he has grown as an actor.
Welling rose to the occasion marvelously.
Clark fights to find the truth about his own personality and origin.
My vote is nine.
Lana is devoted to him.
Martha is married to Lionel.
Seeing this movie about British royals spoken in German adds to its quaint charm.
Maybe this was one of the reasons for the existence of this film.
For example england is portrayed as bordering on Germany.
They arrived their too quick.
I loved this movie.
I love Romy Schneider movies.
Like that guy that was trying to manipulate her mom.
And of course Romy always looks very pretty.
They are strikingly similar.
The movie is almost identical.
Victoria meets Prince Albert in a little inn in Dover.
Their sympathy is based on pure exaltation in dance and gentle smiles.
They had a soul and a message.
I thought the Canadian location sufficed for Kansas pretty much for a TV movie.
This was a pretty good film.
This is a common passage that many use to defend capital punishment.
Too bad we have lost that view in America.
There is no need for more words.
The play of Anthony Edwards and Eric Roberts is superb.
Edwards is clearly the top of all their profession.
This remake was filmed in Canada which I guess doubles okay for Kansas.
But it might have bought time for some of the Clutters to escape.
And the officers come to the interview impeccably prepared.
At least she was spared that degradation.
The story sensitively deals with Mrs.
Clutter asked them to not bother his wife because of her long illness.
It is not factual or journalistic.
It is drama and melodrama spiced with his own creatively psychotic imagination.
He fears himself more than he fears anything else in life.
This one feels fresh and in color and will find its public.
Its 12 years old now but i just saw it for the first time.
Some people will of course disagree but hey.
Sometimes there will be okay with remakes on old films.
Its not every time the old ones are that good.
Its always a question of money of course.
Most of them you cold put in the trashcan directly.
They were so bad that we just sat there like zombies.
I cant recommend them to anyone.
Some of them i have seen remakes of and i remember liking them.
but not the originals.
They were just painful awful.
This is like the old story of who was the best Bond.
I was clicking through the channels and found this.
and watched the movie.
The film is not a work of serious science fiction.
A good plot and an imaginative screenplay are far more important to them.
Both are in abundance in this film.
The movie was much better than the other reviewer stated.
It has a fun fantasy aspect of some time travel.
The question soon becomes though not what is the usual.
That is perhaps what makes it so intense.
There is also something undoubtedly cathartic about watching this movie.
It may be a cleansing rather than a breakdown.
I always thought that it would be difficult to be friends with an actor.
Whether this was improvised or not is not something we have to wonder.
I spent 5 hours drenched in this film.
I enjoyed this dalliance with raw wounded gall deep from within.
The birth in finding real people is a happy pursuit.
The effort for realism intersects with the dark ground of our bankrupt culture.
The gradual disintegration of her personality is the meat of this film.
She is falling apart.
The Aborigines are harboring a secret and refuse to spill the beans.
10 out of 10 and highly recommended.
A tragic accident triggers a personal crisis that almost overwhelms her.
It is tremendously moving.
The film is superb.
One of the best dramas ever.
One of the best dramas ever.
And the story is just a brilliant mix of tale and realistic drama.
Never before have inner demons been so exposed physically.
I was totally enthralled by this film.
These scenes are funny and interesting.
Someone else said that this is a movie for people who love movies.
All others be forewarned.
Seek out OPENING NIGHT if you have never seen it.
So this movie might not be suitable for everybody.
There are some nice character portrayed by a good cast.
Brilliant nerve wrecking thriller.
You may guess what may have happened there.
But you can not really understand this movie without seeing it.
Also starring Nancy Allen and Dennis Franz.
I like Ghost stories.
Now I have see many of them.
but nothing since then even compared to it.
This episode was down right creepy as hell.
Wish someone would do more ghost stories like these.
the fact that the movie is predictable is not a problem.
this movie is like a beautiful painting to be enjoyed.
the museum scene is like a nice music video.
almost everything i know about acting came from studying mostly his eyes.
he had the most compelling face.
9 out of 10.
I have the green one and it is among my treasured possessions.
But there are a few complications.
about a missing razor.
What surprises me is what cuts he wanted.
The film gets my stamp of approval.
i chose the unrated version.
i guess you could call this scene soft core porn.
Any comment from here on refers to the unrated version.
there is very little violence and blood.
there is however one death sequence of note.
the act of the killing itself is fairly graphic.
however the blood it self does not look real.
the film is very well paced.
but i think she does a good job with what she is given.
i thought this movie was brilliant.
May contain minor spoilers.
What sticks with me the most in the film are the tense sequences.
As a thriller it is tense and quite often believable.
Scary movie fans should like this.
I grew up watching this series.
Both sellers claim to have very good copy.
Good but not brilliant.
The sequence begins with Angie at an art museum.
The atmosphere is right there.
The atmosphere that makes you scared.
All the actors are in the right places.
Michael Caine is perfect as Dr.
Keith Gordon as her son Peter is brilliant.
Nancy Allen as Liz Blake the call girl is fantastic.
Dennis Franz does his typical detective role.
His Detective Marino is one of the most colorful in this movie.
There are plenty of creepy scenes in this movie.
The elevator scene is one of them.
There are some similarities between these two movies.
Both of these movies may cause some sleepless nights.
The cast is another strong feature of this film.
Michael Cain does a terrific turn as a psychiatrist.
Dressed to Kill is a must see for all cinema fans.
There is a bit of blood.
Dennis Franz is good as the detective.
Its dealings with sex and violence make this a film for adults.
He wields his camera just like a filmmaker expert is supposed to do.
The audience is easily glued in front of the screen.
The prostitute is the sole witness of the crime.
I find his approach about this theme rather doubtful.
Dressed to Kill is somewhat important historically.
The similarities do not end there.
The beginning and ending of each story is narrated by Sebastian Cabot.
Both actors were very good in their parts.
I gave this a high rating.
I highly recommend this story.
The guy had a long run of better than average films.
It is a sensational demonstration of the possibilities of the film medium.
Saw this movie the first time while drunk at a motel in Canada.
While flipping through channels came across the Easy Lube part.
My friend kept flipping but I told him to go back.
Watched the rest of the movie it was pretty damn funny.
Dealers skit is pretty cool too.
I give it a 6.
5 or 7 out of ten.
I give this a 7.
Sadly this movie is dated.
I was born in 1982.
And I found it hilarious.
The scrotal puppet show at the end is the best.
I saw this in Detroit in what must have been its original run.
I literally rolled into the aisle of the theater.
It was that funny.
This film is the granddaddy of them all.
You will not be disappointed.
The Kraft Kitchen recipe sketch had them laughing like maniacs.
A few really great clips make up for this.
A predecessor to such classics like Kentucky Fried Movie.
that is the qualities of a real cult movie.
I particularly enjoy the cooking show segment.
One of the best things to come along in 1972 was Groove Tube.
They decided on making it into a film for general distribution.
Watching him run naked though the woods was a howl.
That act only added to the hilarity of the video.
Each time was more hilarious than the last.
Always gets me laughing in the Baking Needs aisle in the grocery store.
I wonder what ever did become of Ken Shapiro.
and some of these skits were being done for the very first time.
Edgar Hoover was still in charge of the FBI.
to make fun of it and the hippies at the same time.
you will LOVE this film.
check out the Groove Tube.
which picks up on the theme but plays from the angle of the viewers.
the young viewers who were turning off the TV in favor of other entertainments.
this would be the perfect film to watch.
Take it for what it is.
a memento of the times.
thank god somebody is hitting another angle with the boxing thing.
This film looks so fresh and smart.
And the actor is really hot.
She watched it for a second time with me.
We were both enthralled.
Her as if for the first time again.
It does this while being relentlessly entertaining.
Bravo on the next level of cinema.
It came by surprise.
Most vividly was the stirring of the emotion anger.
a temper tantrum if you will.
and to connect with genuine love.
without fear of loss.
This is a unique and bold film.
I love directors who are not afraid to ask the audience to think.
It can take some courage to do this.
I am curious to see what he will do next.
Tossing aside those that do not make the cut.
If something catches my eye I will take the time to watch it.
Needless to say I was enthralled throughout the whole movie.
Bret Carr holds up a mirror unlike any filmmaker has.
The intention and the message is clear and profound.
Very creative film all around.
Still one of my favorite episodes.
It would be nice to know who this pretty lady actually is.
People lived happily then.
He did most of his own stunts.
Men admired him and women dreamed about him.
All of France mourned.
It is a real treat.
Do not confuse this with a remake with Penelope Cruz which gets poor reviews.
He sets off to join the army and goes to war.
I will not spoil the end.
A movie one will remember with great affection.
to do what she did with no budget.
like no money was spent on this film and it still blew me away.
this movie focuses more on what happens AFTER the event.
and she is unharmed when the shooting happens.
and so she actually goes to see her.
Remake in 2003 with Vincent Perez and Penelope Cruz.
The contrast between the two leads is highly effective.
He sports a deliberately obvious blond dye job.
There are many references and inside jokes about show business.
The setting is clearly modeled on Paraguay.
Paraguay was indeed ruled from the early fifties to the late eighties by Gen.
In fact the U.
I can watch it over and over.
This is one the few movies I can watch over and over.
I thought that Mr.
Dreyfuss was perfect for his role as the actor and the dictator.
But he became more confident and comfortable with the role as time passed.
this is why I gave this film a 7 out of 10.
I enjoyed this film.
This movie is fun to watch.
But all in all it is a great romp.
You get a glimpse of what actors are like behind the scenes.
Paul was totally ripped off by someone at paramount who made Dave.
he was staying in a trailer about the size of my bathroom.
he came to life and they shot that scene for two hours.
A ham actor on location for a movie bears a resemblance to the dictator.
I liked this movie.
Textbook example of an underestimated movie.
An Indian would sell his soul to own one.
The story sees Stewart as Lin McAdam pursuing the man who killed his father.
It turns out that Dutch Henry is also in town for the rifle shoot.
He had got the weapon by cheating Dutch Henry at poker.
Young Bull is killed during the attack and the gun passes to Steve.
A classic western in every sense of the word.
I will come clean.
But I was wrong.
How I have overlooked it all this time is a wonder to me.
If you like westerns or James Stewart this film is not to be missed.
Meanwhile the starring is going on the vengeance.
Well worth viewing and definitely an above average story.
The rifle gets in different hands on the way.
Stewart is the right man to play the lead.
He was always the right man to do anything.
There are many classic moments in this movie.
All the true western fans will love this movie.
The other four became much different than this one.
But Stewart never crosses the line.
This is why black and white played such an integral part in the film.
Nobody wants to spend the night there.
I first saw this movie at a festival.
Tess is definitely a gifted filmmaker.
The shots were great.
Dominic shined in his role that she perfectly crafted.
Kudos to everyone involved with this film.
And thanks to Tess and co.
Quite amazing how they even managed to put Wyatt Earp in this all.
But it is no criticism really.
It gave the movie a bit of a sense of adventure and entertainment.
A real western with also plenty of action and entertainment to it.
Winters is the most complex character in a film filled with unusual characters.
Until that time Stewart was mainly noted for an aw.
Smith or George Bailey.
Seldom was there a dark side to any of the characters he played.
The year is 1876.
The whites want revenge.
The native Americans want their land and their way of life back.
Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876.
The movie has him as head marshal.
Other swaps are intermingled with the scenario above.
But it is a great story and worth watching.
Winchester 73 gets credit from many critics for bringing back the western after WWII.
Director Anthony Mann must get a lot of credit for his excellent direction.
This is a good script with several stories going on at the same time.
Look for the first appearance of Rock Hudson as Young Bull.
The film is in black and white and was shot in Tucson Arizona.
Shelley Winters seems miscast here and the purpose of her role is rather obscure.
I was very impressed with this film.
Mann and Jimmy Stewart collaborated on several westerns during this period.
It is then stolen and passed on from villain to villain.
All of those villains are interesting characters.
All of them are fun to watch.
Eventually it does return to Stewart.
The film is expertly directed by Anthony Mann.
Every character has a wide variety of experiences.
The characters are remarkably human.
Steward had showed emotions in other films.
Right at the top of my list of ten favorites westerns is Winchester 73.
She plays for time until she can safely get away from him.
The end of a beautiful partnership that produced some quality films.
The style of filming and pacing is what hooks us to watch it.
And the first episode of all is my best evidence.
And it truly paid off.
My vote is eight.
I got into the series very late.
Season 5 ended before I even saw my very first episode.
I watched the first three seasons in three weeks.
My vote is seven.
It felt like it was RUSHED into theaters.
Never does the shock and dramatic serious crack the rule of comedy.
This film is very highly recommended.
This movie is certainly not for everyone.
especially younger children since some moments are little too.
well lets say ADULT for younger viewers.
The story is quiet simple.
a slice of life with a twist.
7 out of 10 broken hearts.
But I can not blame it for that.
Maybe with some background I could have accepted it better.
No plans for Global domination.
Dramatic Superhero movies work.
Romantic comedies with chemistry work.
What may be inherently difficult are Superhero satires disguised as romantic comedies.
Everyone loves the hero.
Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative failings.
I liked this movie .
Overall I was rather impressed with the pilot.
It will be interesting to see how this plays out.
It comes very highly recommended.
That kind of makes me happy.
This is probably the most promising show since Lost.
It significantly applies most to the 2007 series.
I'm definitely going to keep watching for resolve as well as development.
I give this series 8 stars.
but I did come out with a smile though I must admit.
I was immediately hooked on this gorgeous new world.
Well I have to say that I have waited for it to come.
Looking forward to January 2010.
I was impressed right from the start.
This is a really positive start to a show.
This is one of the first independent movies I have ever seen.
But it was time for it to end and the story to move on.
I can not wait until next week.
The basic background is that humanity is at a crossroads.
There is a set of moral dilemmas that are being faced.
There are religious fanatics who are willing to kill to get attention.
It also has good performances from the actors.
Anyone who gets stuck on those details is really missing the point.
Wonder if the writers are trying to tell us something.
Well done to Ronald D.
I look forward to the full series.
It was really very good.
Overall a very interesting and wonderful evening.
He is without a doubt from the best of America.
At the very least something has happened that requires further objective ongoing investigating.
Those do not come along every day.
This was the best documentary I have seen.
Factual reporting by Neil and Buzz.
This is an excellent movie.
The cast is a great mix of characters and the story is decent.
Brides are dropping dead at the altar like flies.
a nice slice of Poverty Row talent.
They both like to sleep in coffins.
She gets all sorts of clues about the orchids and Lugosi.
Heaven knows where the police were.
A fun little view.
This movie was a really great flick about something that affects us all.
I know I have personally run into this many times.
An hour and forty five minutes is not enough time for this cause.
Thanks for showing us the way.
One thing is for sure.
you should not watch this film if you are having a bad day.
Eventually the dots are joined up and the performances make sense.
Whether you agree or disagree is irrelevant.
A good enough film that unfortunately leaves you a little sad at the end.
Although the casting of the film was still good.
Up until then it just seems like a pointless love story.
The story line is as subtle as a brick through a green house window.
Normally I only like Will Smith when is in full Bad Boys mode.
There were a few times that even my hardened heart nearly broke.
It was pretty enjoyable and I'm glad to have it in my collection.
Bravo to the director and writer who obviously did their homework on those issues.
The script was so real it was amazing.
Someday they will thank you for it.
I have never commented on a film before.
I watched this movie with my girlfriend last night.
I have read comments saying this movie stays with you.
This movie left me questioning my own self.
I loved this movie.
I love movies that keep me guessing and wondering until the end.
An amazing feel good movie and a very sad one too.
Just make sure you have no distractions.
You will want to see every nuance in this picture.
One for my library.
The emotional impact of this movie defies words.
Will Smith is one of the best actors of all time.
I do not know how he does it.
This movie is one of the best movies I have seen yet.
AMAZING and sad all at the same time.
You can not miss a thing.
WELL Worth the money that you will pay to watch it.
do not wait for it to come on TV.
Always he gives a record braking performance.
The way the director described the story was really awesome.
now what is the lesson you can see that while watching.
At least that is what he thinks.
You will not forget this movie easily.
It becomes more and more obvious as the story rolls on.
The acting is excellent throughout and these actors touch your soul.
I'm still puzzled as to why Ben did what he did.
It was a very interesting and touching story but it left me confused.
Maybe that was the point of the film.
Usually I do not like dramas.
but THIS MOVIE is such a super great movie.
If you have a minimum of heart you will do not regret watching it.
I thought this was a wonderful movie.
It touches every fiber of a human being.
The love in the film is very intense.
Good use of flashback.
This is the kind of movie everyone should go see.
I hope people will get something wonderful from this.
I think Hollywood should make more movies with substance.
Even action films can have a caring story.
I like the fact that Will was very subtle in his acting.
He had a purpose and a dedication that is rare to see.
I would suggest watching this alone or with someone that you really care about.
The outside world was suspended for a moment.
It was a nice feeling with all this chaos going on in this world.
This is one of them that can.
This film has potential.
if you like drama this is a must go watch.
It was well acted by all.
I do not hate it when I guess the ending early in a film.
I only hate it when the road to resolution is lined with boring scenery.
Seven Pounds is another fine performance.
I would think this makes it a questionable choice for both pet and plot.
Put this on your list.
I do not know what to say.
I just watched Seven Pounds.
No one can make me cry like Will Smith.
This movie was skillfully and beautifully done.
Rare to find such intense humanity in Hollywood today.
I have a deep love for and passion about movies like this one.
Therefore I do not mind a little pain at the end.
Sometimes its just not the happy ending you think it should be.
I'm here to help.
He goes easy on those who are being audited.
By the end of the movie I finally put it all together.
Will Smith should have been nominated for a Best Actor Award.
The rest of the cast were very good as well.
It is beautiful and the acting is brilliant.
And that is exactly what this movie does.
Give it a chance.
but you knew something dramatic was going to be revealed.
Smith does a great job portraying a man carrying around a lot of sadness.
It all starts with a suicide.
The rest of the cast is stellar across the board.
After that he begins searching for more candidates to receive donations.
She takes her two children and moves in to their new home.
Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy.
You can tell that it has been an act of love for her.
I know fans of Dominic will enjoy this little piece of heaven.
Have an open mind and you will enjoy it.
This is not the case with Will Smith in this movie.
He has grown immensely as an actor.
I think he will at least get an Oscar nod for this performance.
Very true to himself.
His character has a lot of depth.
Surprisingly well written and well thought out.
It actually takes a lot out of you to watch.
I feel like knowing too much about this movie really ruins it.
Wait it out though.
I think it is a little bit of both.
I think he wanted to help people but also rid himself of his past.
I love his character.
Something that a vast majority of films today do the exact opposite.
the other actors were good also great.
Kudos for this achievement.
I just saw this film in Santa Barbara.
it was shot beautifully and the whole thing was really unique.
This film is not without it is problems though.
Otherwise the update is better in every possible way.
That much is clear.
Jason Alexander delightful and wonderfully light on his feet.
Probably our favorite character in the entire movie.
Part of that has to do with the writing.
The director should have seen that and corrected it.
Or never cast her to begin with.
The setting were also very good.
Overall I give it 8.
she looks a bit too old for the role.
The casting was good with some exceptions.
Tyne Daly overdoes her part as Mae Peterson.
I even have the soundtrack and i love listening to his singing.
They put in new songs and scenes.
One more thing I forgot to mention is Vanessa Williams.
She does a good job with the role and the music.
Give her any lyrics and she could sing them.
Just take it in moderation though.
Hillary Duff does an over sexualized Britney spears lap dance version of Mata Bond.
All in all I give this film a big thumbs up.
This is a brilliant political satire.
No wonder why it was largely ignored in the U.
It reminded once or twice of Dr.
And as a result I was quite entertained.
is a funny but strange film.
I will go into the plot later on.
This is a movie with some weird casting choices.
Her character is odd.
There is a scene where she sticks a scorpion down her pants.
There is a twist in the end involving the two characters.
That is the only casting choice I am going into.
Cause it just plain strange.
The whole movie is strange.
But at times incredibly funny and I was never bored.
Here we have some of the best actors out there.
Hauser is disgusted by her.
The twist in the end of the film reveals kind of why.
The thing about the twist is that I did kind of see it coming.
I love most of the actors.
He portrayed angst very well.
I was also impressed with the acting for the most part.
The cast in this satire absolutely shines.
You will not have to think too hard to recognize that person.
This film definitely gets a thumbs up from me.
The one person I was most impressed with in this film was Hilary Duff.
I strongly recommend this film.
All the principals turn in solid performances.
this film needs to be seen.
maybe unrealistic is more accurate.
All the elements of a great film are here.
I was blown away by the cleverness and originality in this film.
I would say it is worth a watch.
I thought all the actors in the movie were outstanding.
The format of the mice writing a book for Cinderella was an inspired one.
I enjoy writing stories myself and hope children will be encouraged by this.
A sequel done right for a change.
As an adult I really did enjoy this one.
The music is fun and the animation is wonderful.
The magic has returned in me.
I rate this movie 8 out of 10.
Disney movies of the past can sometimes be a little harsh for little kids.
This film is great as a bedtime movie for happy dreams instead of nightmares.
The stories were not so bad either.
The young women are pretty and all do good work.
Is there any doubt the girls will succeed.
Only James Whale remained but his prestigious horror films were behind him.
She also has one of the funniest lines in the film.
Penny decides to take matters into her own hands and runs away.
The story is light and entertaining.
This first film was one of the best.
Deanna herself never did.
The ploy worked well for 21 feature films.
I can recommend it for everybody.
Maybe not small children as they may get scared.
You will love it.
Definitely one of my favorites.
Repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.
It boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.
Both the film and the TV series also featured British actor Simon Jones.
One of the greatest film I have seen this year.
I do like the end.
but a big question also comes.
Jose is sent back to meet James again by future scientists.
Repeated viewings will drive us to different conclusions if we retain an open mind.
It boggles the mind to dwell on this sort of thing too much.
A very strong movie.
Bruce is good and Brad also.
That means the woman was a real insurance and she did her job.
In the theory of parallel worlds the man can meet himself.
And I do believe there is no problem in that.
Here I disagree with Dr.
But the story pf 12 Monkeys has its own beauty.
The story is very layered and offers quite a lot to think about.
Fantastic production design and suitably bizarre cinematography.
In my top ten.
The story is just fantastic.
Other role performances worth mentioning are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt.
The direction and cinematography were engaging without becoming a distraction.
Brad Pitt delivers a perfect performance.
Both Bruce Willis and Brad Pitt acted extraordinarily well.
The story of this film is truly remarkable.
Apparently animals do not contract this disease.
Cole accepts and the story of the Twelve Monkeys begin.
insane in this film.
So overall I think this film is completely worth checking out.
His character in this movie is far beyond every single one so far.
Its the one and the same speed that flows gently and pretty good.
B There should be more movies like this.
12 monkeys is a movie you do not see every day.
It has excellent actors to go with a excellent story.
The actors in this were awesome.
This movie was excellent and must see and also its a must own.
I very much highly recommend it.
I definitely liked it.
This is the first movie of Terry Gilliam that I have seen.
The movie is set in the future.
A virus killed 5 billion people.
He is sent from the future to get some information about it.
The loose ends are tied up in a very interesting manner at the end.
The complex plot flows smoothly without adding too many characters.
The performances are quite good.
His desperation in certain sequences is portrayed beautifully.
I have to check out his other movies.
The gorgeous Madeleine Stowe is quite a treat to watch.
But there are many other levels speaking here.
For me it all comes to a head in the fleabag hotel room scene.
And there is David Morse as Dr.
most of the time it is nothing for me.
James Cole is one of them.
But that is not the only good thing about this movie of course.
The acting is amazing too.
I watched this movie once around 10 years ago.
Madeleine Stowe is very good playing Dr.
He is gathering information.
What was can not be changed.
A film not quite well understood for many.
But they do all tend to suffer from the same weakness.
And this made me look at the film with fresh eyes.
A first rate film.
I know I did.
The story is interesting and deals with time traveling.
In 1990 he is arrested and put in a mental hospital.
He also meets psychiatrist Dr.
The movie constantly plays with time.
For Cole that someone appears only seconds after the phone call.
Things like this happen throughout the movie and therefore you must keep attention.
You are never certain of what will happen next and that helps the movie.
That was the easy part for me.
Terry Gilliam of course is a natural for this kind of film.
Cole could be any person.
Now they are set on trying to prevent the virus from ever happening.
12 Monkeys was an incredible film.
The movie contains a very thrilling end too.
All serve to envelop the viewer into its disturbing cacophony of madness and futility.
10 out of 10.
This film certainly should be in Oscar contention.
I remember them giving out prizes for showing up to see the movie.
After seeing the movie I can see why.
The problem with this movie was that it tried to tell a side story.
The sync is perfect in every shot.
I feel and believe in the characters of this movie.
Dubs are often a subject i rarely agree with from so long ago.
To my knowledge the title only ever made it to the US in Texas.
Personally i think its a big shame.
Laser discs were the most productive media.
Other reviewers here seem to think this is an awful film.
Perhaps its just a new tool for directors to try.
I thought it made the film much more interesting.
I was pretty surprised with this flick.
The acting was pretty impressive and the story really captivated me.
But hey if your audience is left wanting more then this movie has succeeded.
The viewer is never sure which male figure she will commit to.
The overriding metaphors are bold and brave.
This is a gangster film in Chile.
In Spanish with English subtitles.
I strongly recommend it 9.
Point two above is important because the movie is very quiet.
The same kind of atmosphere generated by Stanley Kubrick in Eyes Wide Shut.
Not for all people.
Hats off to the person that thought of doing this.
It really makes you think.
The hospital staff and his fellow wounded Marines can not get through to him.
Neither can his girl back home played by Eleanor Parker.
She has such an innocence to her in this movie.
The hunting scene is very good.
A well deserving film and one that should not be forgotten.
but the overall storyline is solid and very moving.
The Army Hospital has since become a college campus.
The battle scene was superb.
But one bone to pick.
No matter how many .
No one would argue that this 1945 war film was a masterpiece.
And they had one here.
A striking dream sequence is included.
This movie is a fantastic movie.
Anyway this is a great movie and I highly recommend it.
If it ever is put out hopefully it will not be colorized.
Colorizing it would in my opinion just ruin the whole effect of the film.
Garfield did a superb job of portraying Mr.
Some actors might have been tempted to overact the part of Mr.
I am not knocking these films as many of them are still very watchable.
Goodnight Mister Tom is one of these special movies.
During the stay Mr.
I have truly enjoyed watching it and highly recommend it.
Quite a heartwarming little film and not just for the kids.
That film featured a boy being evacuated from Finland to Sweden during WW II.
Getting a boy instead she completely ignores him.
The fact that the boy speaks Finnish complicates matters even further.
I highly recommend that film to anyone who enjoyed Goodnight Mr.
This movie resonated with me on two levels.
Marvelous film again dealing with the trials and tribulations of World War 11 England.
What makes this film so good is the touching of the human element.
We soon see why this child wets his bed.
He comes from a lunatic mother who has abused him terribly.
The old man takes to the child and brings happiness into his sad life.
The picture is so good because it deals and builds on endearing relationships.
I simply love this movie.
I think it is a great cult movie.
As he gets to know this child he starts to develop a friendship.
Set during the Second World War this is an excellent film.
A man who was always so unassuming.
He can be remembered for his famous role of Inspector Morse.
The interaction between the two main characters.
A truly heart wrenching film.
John Thaw is a an excellent actor.
A very moving story with a satisfying ending.
Gone but not forgotten.
This film touches the deepest points of the human soul and never lets go.
I give it ten stars.
Yet this heart of flint is about to melt.
London children are evacuated in advance of the blitz.
Willie is played to good effect by Nick Robinson.
This boy is in need of care with a capital C.
Tom discovers again his ability to love and care.
And the boy learns to accept this love and caring.
See Tom and Willie building a bomb shelter at the end of their garden.
Two points of interest.
This is the only appearance of Thaw that I know of where he sings.
this movie is awesome.
the high school is taken over by evil ms.
The second storyline is about Sam and Kate Barlow.
The film is reasonably easy to understand.
It brings out the child in everyone.
Although the movie was different from the book it was still very good.
I especially like the work of the boys though.
Smith was supposed to be a moody and tough kid.
The directing and editing was great.
You got to go and dig those holes.
Disney has done it again.
Holes is one of the best movies in 2003.
I found the storyline in this movie to be very interesting.
The acting was also superb.
This movie is one I strongly recommend.
I give this movie a 9.
Holes is a wonderful film to see.
I highly recommend it to anyone.
This movie is an absolute joy.
I am most impressed with the quality of this movie.
It was best that way.
This was an absolutely delightful movie to watch.
Suddenly the perfect opportunity to see it came.
Disney made the right choice.
Every person who I have talked to about it said they LOVED it.
I can see how some folks might not like this movie.
It was interesting to see the story come together like pieces of a puzzle.
A very interesting movie.
Holes is an awesome movie.
I love it a lot and it is one of my favorite films.
Holes is generally a very cool motion picture.
I wish Disney would make more pictures like it.
Holes is indeed a rare breed of Disney flicker shows that is cool.
Children deserve to have their entertainment too.
But not with Holes.
I hope Disney takes more risks and makes more edgy flicks like this.
They use some famous actors which give a great effect on the film.
These are not distracting and really gives a great back story.
All the cast are great.
The other plus is in the casting.
For the first time events are not explained in details.
Loved the two families crossing paths in history.
The acting was great.
Not sure where the story was with Mr.
Sir being Marion a women at the end but makes his character even funnier.
This is one of my favorite films of all time.
I definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys good movies.
seriously i loved this film.
i had started to read the book and i loved it.
the way everything was set up and everything had a purpose.
and of course Andrew Davis directed it.
the storyline is very cool and interesting.
it is very similar to the book.
i find this film to be not the least bit boring.
i absolutely loved it.
and i encourage anyone to read the book.
all in all this film is very well put together and carefully crafted.
two thumbs up for me in every single way.
The reasons start here and a spoiler maybe found within.
Some people just have natural talents that can transcend mediums.
I wanted to see his character vindicated before the conclusion.
This is the man that made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast.
Sometimes a goofy role brings out the best in a performer.
I guess population and land area figures both can be misleading.
Great cast even though it was anywhere near ensemble.
It was palatable for me and I am a college student.
Everybody should see this movie because it both informs and entertains.
I recorded this ages ago but only got round to watching it today.
Some people have said this is a kids movie.
It really is one of the most perfectly written novels I have ever read.
I think it moves a tad too quickly.
The novel takes more time in developing the characters.
It works a lot better.
I also do not like the multitude of pop songs.
This movie is much better than just not bad.
The movie is smart and expects it is audience to be as well.
I especially love the image of the holes from a birds eye view.
But its a big hit in my world.
He is unlucky in life.
It is during just such a turn that we meet Stanley IV.
With that the Judge enthusiastically sends him off to Camp Green Lake.
The movie captures the way boys interact with one another perfectly.
It is this well nuanced core that makes everything else in the film believable.
What is also refreshing about this film the good nature of its main character.
And that is refreshing.
I give it a 10.
blinded by ignorance by the very city you have allegiance to.
Of course you do not know it because you are so LA jaded.
They recognize that SF is close to LA which is a benefit.
Movies that are now considered classics.
They said exactly that in the film.
This film just focused on one aspect.
BUT I RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE.
Would recommend this film.
There are so many layers to this film.
What does change mean without reflection.
I love this movie.
PUT THE CAMERA ON ME is a deceptively cute film.
This adds a new angle to the film.
Darren Stein is a director.
No doubt about it.
This is much more than some home movies.
OR the counterweight illusion .
I'm the same age as Mr.
The films deal with dark themes at time.
Eyeliner was worn nearly 6000 years ago in Egypt.
The remainder of the first season is excellent.
I can hardly wait for the second season to begin in the United States.
It was really fun and i thought the actors was brilliant.
This is a perfect series for family viewing.
We gather around the TV to watch this on BBC America.
The wardrobe has a spot of current fashion.
There is a moral to each story.
This is a gem to be enjoyed by all.
Maid Marian is also an appealing role model for young girls.
The characters develop much more after the episode and become truly enjoyable characters.
It is exciting and generally very well made.
The plot is stronger than most serials and never becomes incomprehensible or meandering.
This was one of the best of the era.
I also like the way he dispenses with Sebastian in the first episode.
Not the sissy new crap.
This is a period serial set right after the birth of Mexico.
Its Zorro and his band of men to the rescue.
The story moves and its nicely not clear who the real bad guy is.
Its super and highly recommended.
with his trusty lash.
The story invites comparison with the American Revolutionary War.
We have an unknown evil leader who is fomenting trouble between different groups.
There is a small slip up.
The exciting musical score adds punch to an exciting screen play.
Reed Hadley does a fine job as Don Diego and his alter ego Zorro.
Costumes and buildings are very good.
From the start it is so well written.
Just watch it and adore it.
It was originally a play.
The camera is always moving and keeps your attention going.
A very good thriller.
This movie is a perfect example of the latter.
A friend of mine turned me on to this movie shortly after its release.
The performances particularly by Caine are amazing.
Everybody has his or her own agenda.
Well written with good performances by all.
Recommended film for anyone who wants to see masterful writing and plot.
The whole cast seems to have a good time.
Deathtrap is not a whodunit.
The actor plays him as a little puppy or a homicidal maniac.
Excellent plot within a plot within a plot.
The casting of Michael Caine in the central role just confirms it.
This is not helped by the acting.
The couple believe Mr.
This is one of my favorite movies of all time.
The twists are a lot of fun.
Michael Caine excels in roles like these.
Irene Worth stands out as the funny psychic.
It will boost the revenues and his own Warhol quotient.
One is the production design.
The house is not overly large or baroque in its decor.
You will probably enjoy it.
I wish I could catch a staged version somewhere.
maybe someday I will.
Stage adaptations often have a major fault.
The chemistry between Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve is quite brilliant.
The dynamics of their relationship are surprising.
4 out of 10.
MICHAEL CAINE is an insanely jealous playwright whose latest play has failed miserably.
Best to just sit back and enjoy the ride on this one.
And her fears just may be justified.
An absolute masterpiece of suspense and mystery.
The acting is excellent.
The minimalist feel works for the whole picture.
And it is totally worth repeat viewings.
And watching him work with Reeve and Dyan Cannon was an absolute pleasure.
Repeat viewings are a must.
where I could count on no sense of moral obligation.
Just the sort of hit that would revive his career.
Both psychological battleships loaded for bear.
But the film floats because of the actors and the script.
In turn wildly comical and terribly terribly tragic.
The original is still the best.
He gets the bright idea of torturing Tom without him knowing.
30 minutes seems really short for a movie in 1917 also.
He plays a western actor perhaps vaguely modeled on William S.
Both writers helped change the role of their professions in the business and art.
The doors and walls are just flats that are hastily assembled for the set.
To Die For has it all.
This film has a great cast.
Lots and lots of romance and terror.
Not too gory but still enough to appeal to horror fans.
There are a lot more vampire love stories.
Most of his films are below average action movies like Death Warrant and Gunmen.
This movie really fascinated me.
It really is the story that keeps you focused.
Especially fans of the original Dracula myth will be satisfied.
The blood drinking and stuff all was invented by Bram Stoker.
Especially in the scenes involving Ms.
It is a surprisingly funny satire of the building up of celebrity.
Loretta Young was already a clothes horse.
The only thing odd is the casting.
Made a few years later William Powell and Myrna Loy would have been perfect.
This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge.
Some of the scenes are very funny.
The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious.
There is no way on earth bridge will ever be like that.
This is the only full length feature film about the world of bridge.
Some of the scenes are very funny.
The way the media are portrayed is absolutely hilarious.
There is no way on earth bridge will ever be like that.
This movie is completely ridiculous.
but the music is great once it comes in .
Alien says why are you following me.
Tommy answers because i feel like it .
I love this movie .
It touches my heart.
But it did make a strong impression.
The movie is just plain fun.
do not look up where the stars are now.
The film illustrates this exceptionally well.
I saw this film prior to joining the British Army.
Some years later I was in Canada for a family get together.
She spent some time out there researching.
The answer is right at the end.
Once you start to watch you do not want to miss anything.
This maybe called a war triller.
All are unusual in their way and show war at a personal level.
The whole approach gives a completely different twist to a war film.
Well worth watching again if only it could be found.
I saw it perhaps 20 or so years ago.
I wrote it for some producers who sold it on without telling me.
I had no idea what they might have done to my screenplay.
Then I was invited to see the finished film.
How can the viewer rating for this movie be just 5.
Kate is crazy about Tom.
if only he could pull his head out of the sand and see it.
A raucous high school romp that defies all rules of normalcy.
and I loved it.
The ending pretty much sums up the film as a whole.
Riff and her classmates take over the high school and one massive party begins.
I'm not sure i have a big imagination and i like to revile it.
I happen to like Belushi very much.
Another sad Hollywood story .
I bought it twice and some little girlfriends absconded with it.
There was nothing pretend about this movie.
It may not be my or your life.
Very heart warming and uplifting movie.
I saw this movie when it was first released and enjoyed it immensely.
Put it all together and you end up with good entertainment.
Grey only knows the lucrative law business and nothing about life.
With all thats going on in the world sometimes we need an escape.
Curly Sue is just that.
There is more than furious action or heart pounding dramas.
Try it you may like it more than you think.
The little girl is really smart and cute.
Their worlds collide and comedy ensues.
Jim Belushi is a comic genius.
She intends to ban rock and roll music all together.
An instant midnight movie.
Characters change at random and the movie goes jumping all over the place.
I was never a fan.
I give it a 7.
This movie made me very happy.
It touched my heart.
The pair live off their wits as they travel the great US of A.
Some of her vocabulary suggests that she is every day of 9 or older.
He was working hard to show everybody he was the real deal.
what women mean when they say they want to be treated equally.
why Americans are crazier than Arab terrorists.
how society should treat the physically handicapped.
and even if you have the right to tell a joke or not.
Carlos is the bomb.
And shortly thereafter her son becomes possessed by the spirit of the mummy.
somehow this one achieves that.
I do not know.
You might even want one on your shelf.
The atmosphere is awesome and the story original and entertaining.
I especially love the scenes where the RV is under attack in the desert.
And it is not just mindless fun.
There really were a lot of clever jokes in it.
A great cult classic and a truly incredible time capsule.
of watching this as a child.
I thought it had such a cool and highly original storyline.
uncut in those years.
One would think John Waters would have idolized this film.
When I was young I had seen very few movies.
My parents in all their wisdom rented this one.
My brother and sister got to of course and this made me very angry.
I was only given a stern talking to and sent home.
Chores all around the house.
This movie scared heck out of me when I was just a kid.
The arm ripping scene is good.
Put some top name people in the roles and then see what you get.
I rated it a 9 based other films of this genre and age.
This film is a thinking film in many ways.
This film is an absolute classic for camp.
Everyone knows the story.
This was one of the first CREEPY movies I ever saw.
I was about 5 at the time.
and my mom got very upset.
I will definitely be the president of your fan club.
I just wish it were longer.
I am looking forward to The Dreamless with extremely high expectations.
This movie got the most applause of all the films that evening.
But to my surprise I really enjoyed this.
I thought the main actor demon guy was really good.
I was so impressed with his performance that I checked out his name.
The girl did an okay job.
I guess its hard since it was her first performance and being so young.
The dad did well also.
The other was a very simple story.
I also thought the end credits went a little slowly.
But he managed to really win me over in this performance.
I mean really win me over.
He was exceedingly convincing as the evil demon.
The situation of an abusive family is never an easy one.
This is one film that I think about constantly and would highly recommend.
I felt that this movie was incredibly beautiful and emotional.
The acting was absolutely superb by him.
The effects and cinematography were absolutely mind blowing.
I wonder if they had at least a hundred thousand budget for this.
It is rare you get to see such a high quality short.
The opening was absolutely breathtaking comparable with any major feature film.
But this stuck in my head days after watching it.
There are very few shorts with this level of quality.
It was very well directed with strong imagery.
There is also a surprise twist at the end which caught me off guard.
This leans towards the Gothic feel.
I would love to see this as a full feature film.
Profiler plots are quite simple.
The acting is not superficial at all.
I truly enjoyed this film.
The acting was terrific as was the plot.
Jeff Combs has more talent than he is recognized for.
The only part of this flick I would change was the ending.
There were some interesting religious messages in this film.
I only noticed this after my third viewing of this classic creature feature.
Good gored up fun filled with predictable twists and laughable one liners.
It brought some joy into my life.
that is the only reason I love it so much.
This is a must for Vincent Price fans.
But even that was only passable.
Poor focus in some scenes made the production seems amateurish.
There are far too few scenes of any depth or variety.
Everything you need for an entertaining monster movie.
Good performances from the then mostly unknown cast.
A good sense of humor.
A lot of eerie moments that will stay with you.
Many of the goofs really stand out.
Boy was I wrong.
There are some great moments that sent shivers down my spine.
Halloween is the crowning achievement of the horror genre.
Most modern horror movies fit into this category.
They actually frighten you to a level that you have never experienced.
It takes so many risks that would make most movie producers cringe.
But nearly all of them work.
The story is simple.
Nothing is hard to swallow in this film.
Carpenter just sets the camera in place and says action.
And not many of the scares work for the first part of the movie.
In 1978 a phenomenon began.
He murders 3 of them silently and subtlety.
He does not speak.
They are the only reasons why we are afraid.
And the climax is truly startling.
It is terrifying and well acted.
It is also mysterious.
A force that can not be denied.
This movie focuses on the fear of the unknown.
Perhaps that is why this thing is a masterpiece.
There are two movie experiences I will always cherish.
Everyone knows the story.
Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween 1963.
That is a cheap thrill.
One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob off the ground.
This also peaks our audience.
He splits the victims apart.
He also relies on brute strength.
The end is one that left me speechless.
Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that it can be enjoyed numerous times.
leaving poor Laurie to fight against the seemingly indestructible Michael.
Beautiful cinematography and lighting really make this moody horror flick scary.
Myers is hidden well until fully revealed at the exciting conclusion.
Now that is terror for a 10 year old.
This all could happen.
At times it is graphic while the rest is relegated to our imaginations.
So we ourselves are contributing to our own fears and anxiety.
On his way he kills and kills.
Michael ceased to be a person once he killed.
He is as unstoppable force.
This is the source of all his power.
very very cool stuff.
But I do not know if this is true or not.
Also to imagine if you were ever in this situation what would you do.
Oh and if your thinking about watching the Rob Zombie remake do not.
So by all means go see this masterpiece you will really like it.
Jamie Lee Curtis is an actress I can never stop loving.
I think Rob Zombie should have NEVER remade such a classic.
This movie is meant to be scary and I think it succeeds very well.
But I would have to say this one blows all the others away.
It is one of the eeriest images in movie history.
I admit this movie gave me nightmares after watching it for a few nights.
It is just pure terror.
The atmosphere was what caught my attention first and foremost.
Predictable horror movies bore me.
Without him the film would be missing a vital ingredient.
She gives a tremendous performance.
Death at any turn.
Halloween of course shows this in it is most terrifying way.
Halloween is undoubtedly one of the best movies of all time.
Halloween is a genuinely terrifying movie.
The simple yet brutally effective music score only adds to the suspense.
Curtis is such a good Laurie Strode because she is so likable and vulnerable.
It works on many levels and draws the audience in and never lets up.
This should be standard viewing for anyone wanting to experience a truly scary movie.
Incarcerated for fifteen years where he was treated by Dr.
Halloween is the story of a boy who was misunderstood as a child.
This is just the start of things to come from Michael Myers.
I absolutely loved the soundtrack as well as the carefully placed cynicism.
I think of this movie as more of a comedy with undertones of romance.
John Carpenter is the master of horror.
This is his ultimate film.
I loved the scenes in which Carpenter pulled your fright from nearly thin air.
Halloween is one of the best examples of independent film.
It is a simple movie told very well.
The music is perfect and is one of the most haunting scores.
The cast is all terrific.
I wish they had never made sequel after sequel.
It was fun to see Jamie Lee Curtis in the movie.
It retains the ability to make me jump even after repeated viewings.
This is my favorite John Carpenter movie of all time.
My personal favorite horror film.
That and most of the murders are nearly bloodless.
The acting is roundelay good.
Rest in peace Mr.
This was the first and without doubt the best in the Halloween franchise.
He could be created in the cozy little neighborhoods of suburbia.
And on The Night He Came Home.
First is the setting.
it takes place in what appears to be a normal suburban neighborhood.
I also enjoy the grainy feel to this picture.
He is the bogeyman that will haunt you for the rest of your life.
But they do not.
And it is just not the same.
And Halloween succeeds like no other film in this endeavor.
And all he wants here is to kill Laurie.
There is one scene that has to be described.
She goes to the car and tries to open it.
Only then does she realize that she has left her keys in the house.
She is too busy thinking about Paul.
This is such a great scene because it pays attention to detail.
My advice to film makers in our day and age is to study Halloween.
It should be the blue print for what scary movies are all about.
Halloween personifies everything that scares us.
It will not let you down.
Urban Legend will have you enticed at all the pretty faces in the movie.
This is a classic by definition.
i liked this movie a lot.
I rented this expecting something not too bad to spend an evening.
It turned out a particularly satisfying experience.
It manages on both counts.
The script is clever and involving and has a refreshing feel to it.
I think you wont be disappointed to watch this.
I really enjoyed this movie.
probably the best movie i have ever seen.
I Watch it over and over again.
If you want to watch some movie then i clearly recommend this one.
my sons like it and think that this is the best movie ever seen.
This movie is about Guy In Fantasy World.
a must watch movie.
Good story and excellent animation.
Anyone that enjoys Fantasy movies should like this movie.
It is not for young children due to violence and sexual innuendo.
The casting was well done and the scenes and music are first rate.
I consider myself lucky to have a VHS copy in good condition.
Fire And Ice is an animated film set in a fantasy world.
It had some very nice animation in parts and the story was entertaining enough.
I finally found out.
And I liked it.
Very good story line.
it even has a little character development which is great for a cartoon.
See it if you get bored with contemporary animation.
I'm not saying it is just a nice cartoon.
Take none of it seriously.
Just go in and have a good time.
This animation has a very simple and straightforward good vs.
evil plot and is all about action.
I give Fire and Ice 8 out of 10.
Therefore the 2005 release was a dream come true for me.
Fortunately my fears were groundless and I was pleasantly impressed with this movie.
I was amazed at how realistic the movements of the characters were.
Why this movie has all but disappeared into obscurity is an absolute crime.
I hope that this film gets the recognition it deserves.
The artists and animated did a great job.
Animation are extremely smooth and realistic.
Tho whole impression of the movie is more sinister and dark.
The colors are not that .
and one mysterious hero to stop evil.
The animation is quite good.
Camp with a capital C.
See it over and over again.
Of course if you are reading my review you have seen this film already.
Watch movies and emulate characters etc etc.
Thats my favorite scene of the film.
Mary is a legendary B movie actress.
well i was a teenager when i saw the movie.
but back then it all blended it was all good .
hated by a few but loved by the masses.
but remember its the worst at its best .
i recommend it to all movie lovers .
With films like these Indian comedy could never be dead.
Worth watching for him alone.
I was so impressed by the other actors.
The movie has true spirit.
The paper airplane gag is a superb example of this.
Then he puts the coke in a suitcase and runs away.
if you think you can take them.
It costs a lot of money to hire these guys like him.
This film would usually classify as the worst movie production ever.
But in my opinion it is possibly the funniest.
The horrifying direction and screenplay makes this film priceless.
Instead we watched the film right through.
This was a film that you can truly wet yourself laughing at.
This was a film that anyone can enjoy.
This is Not a Love Song.
However this film stands unique against both.
It is a love song.
Than it all goes wrong.
The two friends literally have to run for their lives.
Apparently this movie was shot in only 12 days time.
I had a nice time watching it and overall I enjoyed the movie.
I am currently doing film studies at A.
At the same time I wish the relationship was more than what it is.
Some have compared this film to Deliverance.
I believe Of Mice and Men is more appropriate.
It is irrelevant and immaterial whether that is a sexual love.
They need each other.
He did well with them.
I spent some time wondering how the ending would resemble Of Mice and Men.
The soundtrack and cinematography were compelling and intriguing.
A suspenseful thriller that bears some resemblance to Deliverance as for scenery and setting.
It also poses interesting questions about justness of revenge and limits of friendship.
The love between the two main characters may be more than fraternal.
Spike shows noticeable signs of having A.
I really enjoyed this film.
Although it is not for the faint hearted.
For his first ever debut this film has some riveting and chilling moments.
The ending is superb.
Worth checking out if you like the genre.
this movie is practically impossible to describe.
the director is the ONLY one who saw this show.
a truly scary and disturbing movie.
A chilling movie that will make think twice about going up to a catwalk.
How everyone gets carried away by greed and ambition.
My short comment for this flick is go pick it up.
Of course there was a major serious side to the show.
Allowing Woody Allen on the air was the depth of poor taste.
He had no business being there.
That miscarriage of voting soured me on watching the shows until 2002.
Which is not to denigrate other presenters.
Billy Crystal is a riot.
This was a boring telecast 2.
Come to think of it they are the one who been inflicting it.
Robert Redford should know better.
The 74th Oscars was a very good one.
The audience seemed to like it.
No awards show can please all the people.
One of the few films that uses deliberate cheesiness and gets away with it.
Agrarian China is giving way to industrial China.
Yet I wonder how the Chinese government views this film.
It is stringently nonpolitical without criticism of the present regime expressed or implied.
He has only returned because he thought his father was dying.
And the bathhouse regular who is losing his wife because.
And some are so blatantly condescending that the audience is offended.
Here however the audience is delighted.
I like this film a lot.
Water was so scarce that a simple bath had profound depth and meaning.
Overall the film was very effective.
bordering on cloying during the park recital scene.
This movie was an impressive one.
You will not be disappointed.
Almost the entire film takes place in a public bathhouse in China.
An estranged son returns home when he believes his father is dying.
You will not be disappointed.
Not even hardened cynics can find any flaws in this wonderful setting.
I would not in any way argue against such an interpretation.
Both movies are visual joys in their integration of idea and image.
This was not Disney.
A very very playful movie that does not dwell for a moment.
Some very good acting and some wonderful smiles as well.
Very different topic treated in this film.
This movie took me by complete surprise.
I watched it 2 or 3 times.
I really liked this film.
There were many truths this movie brought up.
I love all the characters in this film as well.
This film is on my top 5 movies I have ever watched.
If you got a chance to see this movie do it.
Every character is solid and I was completely drawn into the story.
The organization is much more complex than American audiences will be accustomed to.
Leave your cynicism in your locker.
It will be there when you check out.
And the charismatic cast is impossible to dislike.
And Foster is the one with the plan.
Elegant in its simplicity but so hard for most of us to grasp.
I'm at a loss.
The story is about men in a bath house.
I'm still at a loss.
Talking about the story or the characters will not do them justice.
I was also quite entertained.
Each scene richer and more wonderful than the last.
Shower keeps within itself in so many ways.
This was a very enjoyable film.
The film is as visually beautiful as it is emotionally beautiful.
This is brilliant directing and movie making.
Would love to see more movies by this director.
The eternal doubt between what we WANT to do and what we SHOULD do.
The modern China versus the ancient one.
Lots of old men and women that are no longer needed.
though one of them is killing the other.
The sensitive ones will cry and laugh equally.
This would have been a perfect movie for Elvis.
I saw this movie in the theater when it came out.
I think it is a fine romance.
I gained even greater respect for her as an artist upon hearing this story.
Much is made of her as a diva.
What she is is a pro.
And I am not gay.
Not that there is anything wrong with that.
Streisand fought hard to make this movie her own.
I do not think she was ever satisfied.
His acting is flawless.
Would have loved to watch it together with her last night.
Her voice sounds EXACTLY the same now as then.
The scene where she records Evergreen ranks with the best in the business.
She deserved the Oscar she and Paul Williams got for Evergreen.
Kris is so perfect for the film.
The way he looks at her and he is so proud.
I could watch this movie every day.
The ending always has me in tears even today.
A Star is Born is my number one favorite movie.
Coming of age movies are quite usual these days.
Jodie Foster plays her character straight out.
Annie is rescued by Jeanie and Brad all the time whenever she gets wasted.
Reality comes back hard where she is killed in a automobile accident.
And one gets married to a much older man.
This movie is a classic that deserves to be seen by anyone.
I am and was very entertained by the movie.
It was my all time favorite movie of 1976.
I thought they worked very well together.
The film is solidly enjoyable and throughly absorbing.
I loved it then and I love it now.
It still has a certain emotional resonance despite its numerous flaws.
I think having a second commentator could have drawn out other nuggets from her.
I first saw this video 15 years ago.
I thought it was excellent then and I still do.
The story is well illustrated for a generation which grew up on television.
We looked forward to watching the film to see how it had been interpreted.
It is as if human character lacked any nuance.
The narration by Sir Michael Redgrave is moving.
I loved that scene.
It rates a 7.
The previews made the film look awful.
I recommend this film for anybody interested in the show.
A flawed but innovative and interesting piece of film.
it is good but not great.
Jerry Springer is best taken in small one hour doses.
I thought the movie was extremely funny and actually very interesting.
It is a very good film.
I can not agree with any of the comments.
I will go rent this movie to fully enjoy it.
The music of my late teens.
Here is one the entire family will enjoy.
even those who consider themselves too old for fairy tales.
Matthew Broderick is an affable Prince Henry.
I recommend this for all ages.
I watched it when I was little and I still watch it now.
It has great lines that my family and I quote all the time.
The acting is great and it never gets old.
If you like fairy tales and romances you will love this.
They all appeal to all ages and are all unique and very entertaining.
Sometimes I can not even hear an accent.
You then have to thwart their plans and save the world.
Their is no doubt about that.
This was not a bond game based on material from another medium.
Which gives it that more cinematic feel.
I have gotta go throw this game on now.
But the series had fallen into a FPS rut.
The game also plays tribute to some of the older Bond movies.
The difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission.
This James bond game has a good story to it.
Also the graphics in this game pretty good.
This game would be own as the greatest James Bond game around.
I'm sure others just lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this.
It was different and confusing but not weird.
Weird is Stanley Kubrick or Pauly Shore.
Different is The Truman Show.
Confusing is The Matrix or The Game.
This film approaches the psyche in a way never done before.
It does seem like this film is polarizing us.
You either love it or hate it.
I believe this is a hint to the moviegoer.
This movie is like that impressionist painting.
This is not your typical linear plot.
It requires more thought.
After it ends is when you should think about it.
Just let it happen.
keep an open mind.
Remember what you see and save the analysis for later.
It appeals to a certain taste.
Made me think about it for days after seeing it.
That to me is the mark of a great movie.
Eyes Wide Shut had the same effect on me.
You have to see this film.
I remember my Grade 11 English teacher quite well.
His name was Mr.
But that was the first time this assignment was anything more than impalpable.
He had asked us to prove to him and to ourselves that were real.
Show me how you can tell that you are real.
But Vanilla Sky goes deeper than any other film could hope to.
Brian has one famous line that he keeps telling David over and over again.
This is what film making is supposed to be like.
This is what a film is supposed to do to you.
It is supposed to make you feel something.
Most of the other films this year have been just empty spaces.
10 out of 10 The best film of the year.
This is one film that should not be missed.
And I'm sure that is just fine with him.
this movie is another on the list that i did not want to see.
He is then charged with the murder of Julie.
One thing is certain.
It actually made me think.
During the whole movie I was confused as hell.
I loved everything about it.
This is one of my favorites of the year.
This film drives that point home to the core.
what can I say .
The film is intellectual and you have to pay attention throughout.
I usually leave cinemas forgetting all about the film I just watch.
But Vanilla Sky is still lingering in my mind days after watching it.
I really liked this movie.
The only disappointment is the slightly bland Kurt Russell.
You will be shocked and challenged as a viewer.
they merge and then speak and its beautiful.
It certainly needs more than that.
He goes through a state of depression and then an outgoing blend of imagination.
I'm from Romania i will try to speak in English.
Tom Cruise plays a young man who was handed everything in his life.
I think the end is perfect though.
I recommend you watch it and see for yourself.
I think this is a must see for all girls 13 and up.
His character can relate to us all in some way.
If you have not seen this yet you definitely should give it a try.
The music and sounds tie into this movie so perfectly.
The whole idea of it just blew me away.
The plot line was also something that kept me interesting through and through.
It was an all around wonderful movie.
I have seen it four or five times and I'm always finding something new.
Kurt Russell plays Dr.
Ignore all people that call this film too confusing to follow.
But it is worth it.
I was surprised by how I was affected watching it.
I really recommend everyone to watch this movie.
Regardless of what you have heard about it.
I do not understand it really.
This is a good movie.
And Tom Cruise does a very good job in it.
The supporting cast is good as well.
Penelope Cruz gives a solid performance and Jason Lee was enjoyable.
I think it is necessary.
And the music in the movie is great.
It mixes and matches different elements and genres.
I really enjoyed this film because I have a tremendous interest in American History.
the Antebellum years and the Civil War in particular.
Cadets from several different classes are all graduating together.
is behind these notorious crimes.
and his motives for feeding a synthetically made biological creature.
certainly provides a different take on the Frankenstein formula.
This film has a lot of strong points.
And especially this movie does the job pretty well.
Until today I had never seen this film.
Strayer with a little comedy thrown in for good measure.
The restored version I viewed used tinting to increase the spooky atmosphere.
So try to see the this version if possible.
The one who is responsible for the killings is Dr.
I can not believe this only has a 5.
Rest of the cast do fine.
But this movie was really good.
I liked it a lot.
And it even had a twist at the end.
Great acting in a fair film.
The plot of a band trying to make it to the top in L.
It was a great experience and i loved every minute of it.
I am not going to lie.
Everything else is a bit too muddled and awkward than it should be.
Greetings again from the darkness.
Here she is the notorious Bettie Page.
Her smile is captivating and her body is flawless.
Patsy Cline and Peggy Lee are just two of the featured performers.
Now will someone please turn Ms.
This film is an excellent break from the Dir.
Accolades to the D.
All around very enjoyable.
I will not bore anyone with a recitation of the iconic status of Ms.
I have never met Ms.
A final note to the young scribe who opined that Ms.
Film can be a looking glass to see the world in a new light.
Our film opens with two key scenes.
There are many things I did not know about Page.
It also appeared to be much less harsh.
Her performance as Bettie Page is simply brilliant.
She is a woman that never looked back and could constantly reinvent herself.
This movie does not over dramatize anything.
It was later said that she had been over hyped.
Maybe she was standing in the shadow of Ms.
Moll was every bit as much Bettie as Ms.
Bettie Page was one of the icons of the fifties.
Moll captured the very essence of the character.
Cinematic nudity normally depicts eroticism or sexuality.
In this film it is all about innocence.
I have known about Bettie Page for many a year now.
So I watched this film with quite a bit of familiarity to begin with.
The result did not disappoint.
Bettie Page is simply being who she is.
The film captured this quite nicely.
This film was a bit slow at times but hit all the points Ms.
It is able to sustain interest until the end and showcases many fine performances.
The ending is rather a let down.
It feels rather abrupt.
Some great costumes too.
Of course Notorious will never be indicted.
Notorious fails in this regard also.
But this is a pretty good TV movie.
I would rate it a 7.
Whatever floats your boat honey.
You were one helluva woman.
I hope you are happy wherever you are.
I still enjoyed as much as I did the original though.
It shows us an example of friendship and hopes we understand.
The good thing about the joker is that it still mark Hamil voice.
This leads me to my next point.
Gordon slimmed down about 100 pounds.
Though some of the episodes in this new series are fantastic and worth watching.
It was an interesting perspective to their relationship.
I just wish some of the episodes could be longer.
I totally disagree with the other reviews.
I took a chance on this movie and was glad that I did.
The script is original.
The actors are all likable and convincing.
Dee Smart reminded me of Marcia Brady from the Brady Bunch.
But this gal truly can act.
The setting in the Australian Outback is perfect.
God bless Paul Kelly.
The Cranberries are also here.
I have seen this movie twice in less than 24 hrs.
I will probably watch it again.
It is that interesting.
It makes one think.
Back Of Beyond is a likable.
The 700 Club gives a great perspective on world events.
Some have described it as disingenuous or cheesy.
I find the program to be informative and inspirational.
I have certainly said some foolish things in my life.
I would certainly be willing to forgive Mr.
Robertson since he puts out a great show.
His definition of evil is the opposite of evil.
God have mercy on you.
i really in enjoyed watching this movie.
like most of the people that watched it.
however this was not really comedy.
it is a drama with comedic moments.
so if your looking for a laugh riot then keep looking.
i would say more but it think it would spoil the movie.
i do think that it is worth a chance.
Story about four teenage girls growing up in California.
The acting is good on all counts with Foster giving the best performance.
I give it a 8.
I enjoyed this movie quite a lot.
This movie is not so much a comedy as a drama.
I highly recommend you catch it on TV or rent it soon.
He proved that he would stop at nothing to blend into the white neighborhood.
You know that life on that street will never be the same.
The only African Americans in the neighborhood at the time was the maids.
Then the blending in began.
It makes you question where does racism begin and end.
all for the sake of fitting in.
But take a look and judge for yourself.
the plot of this is existent but only vaguely accounted for.
An elephant made of water.
only someone who is extremely opened can do such daring film.
it is absolutely not for kids.
And make sure no one under 10 is in the room.
Cat Soup at first seems to be a very random animated film.
Though it is not totally random.
I spent the whole time basically sitting with my jaw agape.
The animation is stunning.
Her soul is split in half.
One is regained by the cat boy while the other half is lost.
But to some people it is probably not their cup of tea.
And therein is the core of the movie.
Maybe you were one of those girls.
Aching and tenderly done.
A fine piece of captured femininity.
Best animated movie ever made.
I have related this journey to many things.
A great journey for those who get the chance to see this absolute masterpiece.
Maybe it is because Marty has more experience at it than Andrew.
Much better than the credit it receives.
The camera work is splendid.
I love that final shot.
not gonna let it ruin my entertainment.
Gender Bender is another great Season 1 episode.
It is entirely original.
This is one of my favorite Season 1 episodes in fact.
Its different but enjoyable.
Ignore any bad reviews you may hear.
The plot is great as well.
Go check it out.
The second series sends the boys to try out different occupations.
The third follows their European tour.
I thought that it was one of the best movies I have ever seen.
This film was funny as hell.
It was also true to the bone.
Jamie Kennedy was able to hold his own well.
The only downside was Carmen Electra but we can not have everything.
Otherwise we get the film in its original 1.
The same is also true of the soundtrack.
As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them.
What it does suffer from is weak and kind of derivative writing.
Broken is no genre classic.
I have never heard such aggressive surround from such a small feature.
Also included is an equally impressive Dolby 2.
The extras are broken down into categorical menus.
These nasty guys and girls are larger than life.
They are all guns and knives.
There is no way out.
The acting is much better than I usually see in these smaller films.
I keep thinking that this is the first 20 minutes of a longer film.
Otherwise we get the film in its original 1.
The same is also true of the soundtrack.
As for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them.
I have seen the box office.
You are staying away in droves.
Go take your movie ticket budget and put it towards this instead.
This movie must be seen.
Story lines and interviews are inter weaved to create a more interesting show.
1 which has to go down in history has a classic.
Please purchase this game as soon as possible.
This game ranks above all so far.
The voice acting was above standard.
The difficulty level is just right.
The only rating this game deserves is great.
I give it a 10 out of 10.
Definitely the perfect finale.
I'm going to miss him.
I need to be honest.
I like to have a hard laugh with the situations of the show.
With all due respect.
This is a show that has little taste or class.
Specially the Paco character.
Why the Academy failed to take notice is beyond me.
Definitely a film that deserves more than it is 171 votes.
At least for me.
It was number something on The 100 Greatest Funny Moments.
A baby is abandoned next to a basketball court.
Action is tight and epic while comedy chokes on to the right places.
Go ahead and watch it.
you will have a great time.
The movie is absolutely silly.
I would watch it again.
Especially for that fight scene in the bar.
Well choreographed and well shot.
Lost holds something interesting for everyone.
The nice thing about this series is that its totally new.
The difference between season 2 and 3 however was huge.
the list goes on and on.
Before Lost everything shown on TV was predictable .
I literally became addicted to it.
LOST is a classic work of art.
It gives you something to look forward to every week.
Neither the movie Beat Street nor the Beat Street spirit will ever die.
I am totally and completely hooked.
I can not wait for the next disc to arrive at my house.
Lost is one of a kind.
I have never seen any TV series like this before.
It is full of jungle thrills and has a good screenplay.
It is an excellent piece of work narrated in a very intelligent form.
Watch it to see the magic of being lost in nowhere.
The plot got old after the first couple episodes .
and MOST OF ALL .
In the first season .
the fourth also not let pass unnoticed and tends to reveal a little mysteries .
but not as the second season but at a somewhat different .
For the fifth season expects .
They pray for rescue.
They discover a mysterious man who has a job to do.
The first series of Lost kicked off with a bang.
literally and slowly decreased in pace.
Some characters are very two dimensional.
Annoying side plots have become part of the story that sometimes tell you nothing.
All in all its a great show but not perfect.
An absolutely brilliant show.
One that made me think and think again.
Never fail to excites and I am looking forward to the new season.
Really can not wait to finally discover the secret.
Hopefully all the hype will not spoil the ending.
The story got so many twists and turns it is unbelievable.
But weird oh so weird .
Just be sure you start at the beginning.
With all the people walking around on the beach.
But I was seriously amazed.
I can not wait to see the rest now.
I enjoy watching TV again.
This is where LOST differentiates itself from normal television.
This is how it is so defiant of conventional TV.
A very addictive series.
I am impressed every chapter.
Wow was I surprised.
IMO BEAT STREET is the best amongst the others.
Lost is the best TV series there is.
I believe these people are wrong.
I have confidence in the writers.
v series ever made.
v at it is best.
How ever you want to put it.
v or watch drama.
You see a major twist that can or will change everything.
Too me and many others it is this series.
The creators did a flawless job.
It simply has stunned the world when it hit t.
A instant classic before it reached out to the viewers.
All together it is a great drama and a flawless series.
so was part 2 of the pilot.
Not the polar bear.
and they all seem to be strangely connected.
The characters all feel very real and they are extremely compelling to watch.
If you are a DOG you will have your own storyline.
I have loved this movie since I first saw it in 1979.
Kurt Russell was the perfect choice for the role of Elvis.
This is definitely a role he was born to play.
It is well acted and well performed as far as the singing goes.
Not only was it a T.
It was one of the greatest impersonations that I have ever seen.
He had me believing that it was really him.
The only one to watch is the longer one.
The shorter one has more than one hour of footage edited out.
A must see for rock n roll fans.
It was quite a revelation.
then I had to cut that newly laid sod to make it look nice.
I can not say the same for Jim Belushi.
I would say watch this movie if you ever get the chance.
Michael Caine is superb as the sympathetic bartender.
Very Very underrated movie here folks.
and gets a little more than he bargained for.
This team was the closest thing to a sorority in my school.
That was in 1987.
It also reminds us to be careful what we wish for.
Then one night his car breaks down again.
The film also serves notice to what a fine comedy actor James Belushi was.
Destiny is right up your street.
Nothing really inventive or new.
It was shown in a party at my school.
It will do you good.
You will be happier with what you have.
This movie changed it all for me.
He hates his life.
He is convinced his life would have been better.
Michael Caine is perfect as the bartender.
The focus of this movie is based on one event during a baseball game.
Destiny uses comedy over drama.
I give it a 7 out of 10.
Belushi at his most ingratiating and Courtney Cox before Friends has a small role.
Belushi is having a rotten 35th birthday.
He heads into an empty bar to call for a tow.
Among those greats is this little gem.
Just a few ways to describe this movie.
This movie opened my eyes in that way and in many others.
Shot in the Heart is wonderful.
Great group of actors.
Have only seen once since then and that was some time ago.
One of the first movies to portray the psychological desolation of death row.
It is also quite poignant.
I have seen this movie many times.
At least a Dozen.
Will never be able to view Nigel Hawthorne the same again.
And I loved all of them.
but in a much less violent way than the former.
making a cameo appearance.
His eyes are ruined pits.
Guess which one wins.
I have seen lots worse.
This film surprised me a little.
So if you have enough time to kill give this one a look.
But now it is mine and I can enjoy it again and again.
The film certainly is fun in the classic Full Moon style.
And the blue pantsuit was silly.
I loved this film.
you may want to look elsewhere.
Plays the role of the modern wizard to the hilt.
A good way to spend an evening.
The elements are simple yet fascinating.
Yet the story is always believable and never depressing.
Buy this one for your permanent collection.
It is a piece of American history.
That makes me laugh every time I see it.
He even has a pet raven that he keeps in his apartment named Edgar.
This is because you are so engrossed in the film.
Speaking about an emotional roller coaster.
Chances are that she will win numerous awards.
The acting was strong across the board with a very interesting international cast.
The Asian cast was also superb.
Opinion shared by my husband and a couple of other friends.
Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding.
This enrages Patrick and he hits the man and runs out of the bar.
We follow they are difficult journey through Cambodia and hope for their reunion.
Holly is one of millions of children who are sold and trafficked every day.
The movie portrays this difficult issue without crossing the line.
I also felt Ron Livingston played a very difficult role well.
Holly is a touching story about an impossible connection between two people.
The film grasped every bone in our body.
The film is beautifully shot.
I can not stop thinking about the fate of the little girl named Holly.
The content of the film was very very moving.
It was one of the best films that I have seen this year.
Everyone should go see this film.
I have to say that Holly blew Trade out of the water.
Holly is a powerful and amazing film on many different levels.
I can honestly say that I have never seen audiences more moved.
I just finished watching it and I am still thinking about it.
Kudos to those who managed to get it made.
Child prostitution needs to be stopped and this is a very good first step.
I LOVED GOOD TIMES with the rest of many of you.
I love reading INTELLIGENT and INSIGHTFUL commentary.
The writers on THIS show were fantastic and the Actors were beyond TALENTED.
it was so sad to me.
I hope that this kind of ending rings true in actually for many.
your intelligent viewers are a dying breed out here and we need better material.
those were the days.
Reading all of the comments Are very exciting.
I realize that everyone refers to j.
I would like to have some of his work displayed in my home.
No one should have to hear ugly things about physical appearance.
The show started getting less interesting when Daddy James died.
OK so I watch the shows over and over.
Her verbal taunts with J.
Back in 74 Eric Monte made the classic T.
V show Good Times.
I was 3 when it came out and 8 when it ended.
Black America was a different group of people in the seventies.
So does a lot of the acting.
But I do not care.
The eldest of the children J.
The answer is this.
But I watched an episode and was really impressed.
Apart from that it was a very funny show.
Jimmie Walker as J.
We got to see them experience a few good times.
I wish they would bring the show back.
During the daytime so people can actually stay up to watch.
I do not think a movie or a new show would work.
Especially without the original cast.
These are my questions and comments.
But they do not dwell on it.
They find humor and have strong family values and morals.
They were terrific actors and had great chemistry as James and Florida Evans.
The shows began to focus more on J.
But this is a great martial arts film.
FORBIDDEN PLANET is one of the best examples of Hollywood SF films.
Its influence was felt for more than a decade.
But the only one left is Dr.
That love triangle thing.
is one of the most ambitious and intelligent movies of its genre.
A very young Leslie Nielsen stars as the spaceship commander J.
I'm guessing all these actors went straight from this movie to acting school.
We look for differences.
Ariel is a spirit.
Being filmed in color also adds to its enjoyment.
Two days before the movie premiere I went to see his concert.
but most of all it pictured LOVE.
I can not even begin to describe the soundtrack.
I can not describe it in more words.
My kinda vague description is all because the play left me speechless.
That alone is timeless.
And do not get me started about the poster.
A lot of them were crappy even back then.
The scenes with the tiger show their age now.
The machinery they left behind is still functioning.
You can not write about Forbidden Planet without commenting on Robby the Robot.
Never miss this one whenever it is broadcast.
I have loved this movie all of my life.
50 on a screenplay.
The interior of the saucer is just this side of Buck Rogers.
There are many suburban touches.
Having never seen a man she is unashamedly forward to the crew.
She is the character who makes the important change in the film.
This was the first movie where you COULDN'T.
So I had views from all kinds of directions.
There were no consequences.
How wrong I was.
Though they certainly got most of the film quite right.
The special effects are also quite arresting.
I recall feeling some measure of jealously that Dr.
It still gives me goose bumps when Commander Adams pushes Dr.
Here is where your mind was artificially enlarged.
Consciously it still lacked the power to operate the Great Machine.
But your subconscious had been made strong enough.
I first saw this movie when it originally came out.
I was about 9 yrs.
The theme of this movie is very much Good vs.
I first saw this movie with my brother when it came out originally.
I was also amazed at just how real things looked in the movie.
Advanced technology and responsibility seem go hand in hand.
if it is applied at all.
His thoughts are creating horrors that he soon will not be able to defend.
The landing party has never been of great interest to me.
The rest of the actors are pretty interchangeable.
The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star.
The film is definitely original and different.
I do not know anyone that behaves like these characters do.
The film is definitely original and different.
I do not know anyone that behaves like these characters do.
In all it is manifestations.
Two thumbs up to everybody involved.
And that is the problem with this film.
It should have been set in the era it was written in.
I will limit my commentary to Rachel Ward.
She looks like she dieted her ass completely out of existence for this role.
The performances in this movie were fantastic.
Jason Patric was perfect for this weird role that he played.
and I do not care.
I saw it a few years ago and never saw it since then.
I want to see it again and again.
I know that I'm not gonna get sick of watching it.
The movie should have lasted longer.
I think 120 minutes should have been perfect.
I was hoping for a part 2 for this movie.
Jason Patrick and Rachel Ward give possibly the best performances of their careers.
The story itself is also interesting.
Again another failed attempt of originality.
15 year old teens may appreciate it though.
It is rare that one comes across a movie as flawless as this.
You have to commit yourself to this film.
You can not have a conversation while running in and out of the room.
This movie demands your attention.
and I do not like depressing movies normally.
What I found was a kind of quirky crime film.
Take a look and see if you agree.
After The second time I felt so in the mood to have a party.
I LOVED the music it is just great.
Superb use of music.
so hard to shoot.
Throughout the movie there walks a man who has something to do with wind.
I guess most agree on that.
and of course very usual things.
tom had a wish to make film for a long time and he did.
the music is great and your eyes will be equally satisfied.
in between the lines it is happening.
This movie blows you off your feet.
Anarchy rules over a logical and common strain of thoughts.
The story behind this movie just goes any which way the wind blows.
In that light some might be disappointed.
I will give it 8 out 10.
Barman just wanted to make a movie because he wanted to.
This gives the movie a very relaxing feel to it.
Barman is very successful in telling those little stories that describe little experiences.
All in all a beautiful sunny movie which lifts the Belgian cinema up.
The screenplay is great stuff.
Camera angles and colors are very well chosen.
The palette of colors is particularly impressive.
The acting in the film is great too.
I could really get into this melodrama stuff.
He drinks and sleeps around with women.
She drinks and sleeps around with men.
She steals every scene she is in.
Robert Stack falls in love with Lauren Bacall.
Good epic soap opera.
which I can not contradict using any moral or society rules.
You feel the connection.
And no moment I though this is immoral.
You even hope it will not break in the end.
it can not break.
it is not right.
You feel the pain of being hart broken in the end.
You feel only a tension between them.
a fight between the need for love and desire to break this relation.
This is pure soap and pure melodramatic entertainment.
And he did turn out a fabulous performance as the whimpering alcoholic.
Then there was silence.
Both of these ends were achieved in Written on the Wind.
In other words the James Dean part without the James Dean racism from Giant.
Kyle Hadley has it all.
Mitch is not from a wealthy home.
Kyle sleeps with a gun under his pillow.
Her Oscar was well deserved.
Written on the Wind is no exception.
I was most impressed with Malone.
They play their more sympathetic roles with quiet authority and understanding.
Well worth watching with some interesting performances from the entire cast.
Its a crime that he did not.
Amazing how he humanizes a rich worthless character.
to begin with the second aspect.
as for the first.
i think that those kind of relationships carry much more tension.
i could feel the absence of a better soundtrack.
not enough sensuality in the key moments.
mostly for the story.
Rock Hudson is efficient but vapid .
The plot has very interesting ingredients.
For me this is not enough.
Nobody ever did it better.
They get married and travel to Acapulco and the insecure Kyle stops drinking.
My vote is seven.
Thank you to Mr.
The fact is this movie was shot entirely inside a studio.
Most of the decor is phony.
That would probably be the easy explanation of what comes across the screen.
Another in the they do not make em like that category.
They counterbalance the somewhat bland leads.
An ancient morality tale.
He marries her and is so happy he stops drinking.
Basically this is a soap opera with grade A production values.
You just see reflections.
One ends up giving up.
Nobody can say that the Hadley are real people.
Written on the wind is a good example.
In fact they worked just great.
I absolutely agree and I'm sure the parallel is not incidental.
This detail is can not be a coincidence.
Some say that this is his best film.
I saw this film at the Chicago Reeling film festival.
Mitch wants nothing to do with her.
the photography was beautiful but i had difficulty understanding what was happening.
it was difficult to know which scenes were imaginary and which were real.
The move felt chaotic and disjointed.
I do not know what the pang brothers were hoping to achieve.
Maybe if I were Thai it would make more sense.
A young girl surviving as a prostitute.
A cheap hustler who wants to get the big score.
They meet each other in Thailand.
And it captures the city as the cage of this imperfect persons.
There is also a good use of the music to dot the actions.
It spoke to me.
What we see is a slice in the life of the young woman Ruby.
Ruby is starting to live on her own and establishing her own identity.
The later movie is a slice of the daily life of a common man.
The only thing I am not sure about is the title.
I turn into a complete red boil.
Indeed the sand is very white.
I have been there.
Paradise did not come easy.
I love Ashley Judd and think all of her movies are great.
She balances out the melancholy tone of the film with an iridescent energy.
I would like to see more of her.
I do not think I will ever forget it.
It may appear slow for thrill seekers though.
Cool movie for a calm night.
Not many false notes in this one.
Just a fine film.
Ashley Judd is really quite amazing in this movie.
I think the title especially put me off.
The bad thing about this movie is that it seems to end so quickly.
I could have kept watching for hours.
She is so perfect in this movie.
This film is easily in my top ten favorites of all time.
This will be a different kind of review.
The plot speaks less to me than the surroundings.
The ultimate message is that we are responsible for ourselves.
evil along the way.
So buy a copy for yourself.
I can not begin to describe how amazing this movie is.
Recommended for anyone who enjoys a thoughtful lull of a movie.
Rated 8 out of 10.
The bitter and hopeless end of the story is also very realistic.
My vote is ten.
The film begins with Vincent Price about to begin his performance as a magician.
One thing you can not say about this film is that it is dull.
I first saw this film when i was about 13.
It blew me away then and in many respects it still does now.
But i am less inclined to see it as an accurate historical piece now.
I was electrified when I first saw this in 1983 or 1984.
It is also largely a story about friendship and loyalty.
There is a lot to learn from this story for all peoples.
i very much enjoyed this film and strongly recommend this to people.
I keep watching this movie over and over and over.
I have to watch it at least once a week.
I wish he was my own brother.
What a thrilling situation.
I was too upset at knowing the truth.
That is the hallmark of a great film.
Of course he has achieved it.
Unless you happen to support apartheid.
This is a film that everyone should watch.
John Thaw also puts in a good turn as the Chief of Police.
I think the weighted average for this film is too low.
I give it a 7.
My wife says it passes the Danielle Steele test.
This is movie from which we all can learn something.
So do not expect this way to be realistic and true.
It could not be.
A remake is necessary.
This is an absolutely incredible film.
It is the best historic film I have ever seen.
The story is based on real life characters and events.
I can not imagine a better choice for the role.
The scene between Biko and the lawyer in the courtroom is an example.
This is definitely a must watch.
There are movies which make a lot of money.
And there are movies which make lives.
I would any day prefer the latter.
What a brilliant film.
But neither of these pointers are flaws in any way.
Cry Freedom visually looks amazing.
The opening scenes especially were brilliantly shot.
And there are parts that are genuinely suspenseful as well.
I first saw this film the year of it is release around 1987.
I think it served it is purpose in my case.
But Cry Freedom held my interest like few movies have in recent times.
But through the efforts of Woods the truth comes out.
This movie has an interesting structure.
Kevin Kline gives a great performance in this second half too.
The last minutes were so heartbreaking I was in tears.
This is a movie to be cherished in its entirety.
The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants to this film.
His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor.
But cinemas showing the movie received bomb threats.
What is amazing is how he manages to control all the extras.
Thousands of people in both films.
8 out of 10.
Biko died for nothing much.
Washington was also was nominated for best supporting actor for the first time.
I urge you to watch this.
Why freedom of the press and freedom of speech are essential to democracy.
This is definitely one of my favorite films of all time.
She loses her love and her friends in one foul swoop.
In the end a unexpected surprise pulls them back together.
I finally got my wish to see this one in a cinema.
I would been hoping that ideal screening conditions would work their magic.
Wagner had adapted the 13th c.
This film remains earthbound.
Most of the film is spectacular.
Battles that never seem to end in fact.
She manages to destroy all around her.
I just see the film as misogynistic.
He is much more formidable.
All he does is bemoan his fate in the original poem.
He refuses and she herself decapitates her brother.
The climactic slaughter is the very antithesis of a rousing battle scene.
Why then did Hitler and co.
She asks him to invite her brothers to come to his kingdom.
My vote is eight.
even more so after discovering that NO ENDING WAS FILMED.
I can not believe that they took this off the air.
We were so upset when they stopped showing this because of so called ratings.
We had a right to see the end.
This could also help promote a new show.
People would see it and wonder what it is.
We want to see the other episodes.
I have one query though that I would like to raise.
Character building takes some time.
Relax about art form.
Beetle sneaking off for a good time.
He goes to a bawdy club while his wife supposedly waits at home.
Beetle is also carrying on with a bohemian grasshopper painter.
Weird but also very amazing and watchable.
In this movie he tells a simple tale of hypocrisy and revenge.
Beetle returns home and finds Mrs.
Beetle having her own affair.
Beetle chases the lover away but forgives his wife.
The two make up and go out to the movies.
And the movie they watch is Mr.
Beetle and the Dragonfly.
For that reason he must not remain forgotten.
This short is a puzzlement.
I think my Mum would like it.
She is the only one who understands him.
The devious grasshopper follows Mr.
Beetle returns home and witnesses the entire spectacle.
Beetle first venting his anger and frustration upon him.
He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie.
Beetle sought his final revenge.
The story builds as Mr.
Beetle and the dragonfly together.
In the Russian version Mr.
This film has special effects which for it is time are very impressive.
One can see why Pickford wanted to redo this one.
This is certainly among her better films.
Mary Pickford often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie role.
Needless to say her portrayal of this role here is most winning.
He has also drawn brilliantly natural performances from all his players.
This is a very moving scene indeed because it is so realistically presented.
A poorly made or uninteresting silent movie is unwatchable.
The themes would have rung true and deep at the time.
This is a special type of touching humor that should not be underestimated.
Chaplin used this device often and copied some of from Pickford.
characteristics that often were used throughout a single film in the past.
The film excels in some ways.
The very final scene is also pretty cute.
They were such a cute couple.
The ending was so sad.
If you liked this movie you should watch prime.
I had never seen a movie with Mary Pickford in it.
I have seen thousands of movies.
Very few are hypnotic to me.
I had no idea what I was in for.
You would have to see her again and again.
The setting was perfect for a girl that expressive.
This was actually the second time Pickford filmed TESS.
The end result certainly lived up to her expectations.
Both films were very popular at the box office.
She is even willing to take a bath.
Tess must face numerous physical and emotional challenges.
She does so with spunk not seen in many heroines of the time.
Tess packs a wallop and is not shy about fighting with anyone.
Plus the bomb blast scene is very real.
This movie is quite adult in nature.
Not a movie that can be seen with family.
She is likely to be noticed for this role.
She does selective roles but shines in them.
This was all okay for me.
Page 3 is a great movie.
The story is so refreshing and interesting.
Not once throughout the movie did i find myself staring off into space.
All the supporting actors were also very good and helped the movie along.
This film was great.
One of the most charming actresses I have ever seen.
And for about half hour through the film you feel just about the same.
Just the reason why I love watching films.
Her reaction has resulted in losing the job.
At the end she is back to Page 3.
The movie has a message and it is crude.
The audience needs to get it in their own color.
The theme and the screenplay was fantastic.
There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the audiences.
The dialogs are strong and the actors are really good at delivering it.
The set selections could have been better.
There were a few flaws visible.
There could have been a better dialog as this sounds like a preach.
That scene looks very unprofessional.
That may spoil your mood.
a year later maybe.
I would recommend all to see the movie.
Even she is fired from the job.
I would really congratulate the director for making such a great movie.
Please do not afford to miss it.
It leaves a lasting impression in the end.
There are still some scenes that make you think of more depths.
Should he say something so decisive.
I wish i can say more but there would be more spoilers ahead.
This is what saves the film for me.
Otherwise the soundtrack is bad.
I did not watch his other movies.
They came and went.
The page 3 phenomenon is as deplorable as it is enigmatic.
He is concerned only with the mechanisms of this grotesque existence.
But the contexts in which they are used do not make them look rushed.
This film is fun.
Powell shows again that she is the greatest film dancer ever.
I laughed and cried and laughed and cried at the same time.
It was just really touching.
Although not a new concept this was a very well made film.
Her most winning film appearance.
Powell on the ship that is bringing them to Puerto Rico.
this was the best besides Number 1.
The best of the best.
I think it is the greatest horror series ever.
Freddy has a lot of screen time.
The nightmare scenes are all great.
If your a hard core Freddy fan then you might not like it.
This seems to be a spoof of the nightmare series.
Not much to see here.
The only reason it holds it self up is the back story on Freddy.
The one thing that is always great in Nightmare movies are the death scenes.
But the death scenes were very crappy in this.
A Nightmare on Elm Street.
This is were Freddy is fully explained but thats all there is.
Next on my list Wes Cravens New Nightmare.
i hope i got the number correctly.
i like all the Freddy movies.
that Freddy is such a cut up.
8 out of 10.
Only the mad inhabit the town and the survivors are scattered everywhere.
But this time he finds out a little more about his old life.
A fitting way to end the franchise.
I have to recommend this movie for Freddy fans.
While Freddy knows the true secret of her true identity.
From a story by the director.
I guess I'm part of the silent minority who enjoyed this film.
The cast is superb.
Lisa Zane is perfectly cast in the lead.
And finding the perfect conclusion is easier said than done.
I have been to Australia and they real do talk like this.
com and hear the extended theme music.
This is an EXCELLENT example of early Bette Davis talent.
I would buy it immediately.
But the movie turned out to be a delightful and original surprise.
Unfortunately they were largely right in this instance.
The film just has an awkward feel too it that is most off putting.
The immensely talented Thurman just drifts through this mess creating barely an impact.
This was an excellent film.
I do not understand why so many people do not like it.
Far from the worst ever this movie was glorious.
Long live the whooping crane.
As I'm sure most are just unearthing the film now.
Not to mention the soundtrack is extraordinary perfectly capturing those crucial moments.
And again to cover that one up.
And the romance between Sissy and Jellybean seems very sweet.
You can not be serious.
Maybe it is all about what you expect a movie to do to you.
Maybe it is all about what expectations you have.
Her lighthearted take on the world around us is comical and beautiful.
In a way it is a slacker movie for girls.
i saw this movie the first seconds the voice of T.
both of us fans of T.
much too short though.
The actors and the direction of this film are both good.
would receive a better reception today than it did when it was originally released.
It has some really funny parts.
I truly am a fan.
This is what I believe happened here.
Some pieces of this work were really memorable.
Actually I would love to be part of it.
This has to be the all time best computer animation classic.
Even though most of the animations where experiments.
They have an artistic quality that has stood the test of time.
Some of the techniques used in this video have never been full explored.
I probably saw this movie first in about 1995.
Since then I have returned to it many times.
It was probably the first collaboration of different CG experiments set to music.
I thought it was good and quite interesting in spots.
All of it is computer animated which was new back then.
But they probably will not.
What this film is is a thoughtful and unabashed look at religious faith.
It is a simple story that unfolds simply.
I loved this movie.
In fact I loved being an actress in this movie.
Thumbs up to Full Moon High.
Wish it come to cable soon.
In fact I loved being an actress in this movie.
Thumbs up to Full Moon High.
Wish it come to cable soon.
Also starring Elizabeth Hartman.
The casting was excellent.
It all culminates during the schools big football game.
you will be busy.
Tony is in fact bitten and his life would be forever changed.
a task he abandoned long ago.
The film is loaded with inspired casting choices.
just littered with funny characters and the cast interpretations.
and I'm not talking face.
The cast makes this worthwhile.
The film looks cheap on the typical Larry Cohen budget.
Loved Adam in the lead.
I liked this horror comedy more than most it seems.
And it is worth seeing just for Ed McMahon as a right wing kook.
So I decided to check it out and I was surprised.
I'm a guy from New Jersey and these shows and movies suck to me.
They do not peak my interest.
But a funny thing happens on the way to the morgue.
But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad films.
Cheapness has its charms.
In truly cheap films actors wear their own clothes amid real settings.
Lines seem more improvised than scripted.
The result is promising if not exactly exhilarating.
Everything they did was so damn original.
One of the coolest scenes was a half eaten cat.
It looked so damn real my daughter cried when she saw it.
I'm glad I listened.
I will be honest.
I got this movie so I could make fun of it.
I would love to see what they do next.
I thought it was a cool little movie.
I just had fun with it.
Thumbs up from me and I would also like to see a sequel.
When I watch a low budget film I know what to expect.
the list goes on and on.
I do not want to say all the acting was bad.
Raul Martinez is a natural.
Not sold on Carl Washington yet.
I liked this movie.
I gave it an 8.
I wanted to see what was gonna happen next.
The title really captures immediate interest in the more urban markets.
Usually how it goes with all movies.
There is no need to get testy with others though.
All we are doing here is giving opinions.
I was surprised by how many people are thrashing it though.
I'm a horror movie fan.
So many low budget cam corder looking movies are coming out these days.
I really liked this one.
I knew what I was getting when I watched this movie.
He dreams of moving out of Oakland.
But please do not come and tell us that you find them laughable.
We already know it.
This is most probably why we decided to watch the movie in first place.
on some really bad drugs.
How nice to have a movie the entire family can watch together.
Recommended as a feel good movie for all ages.
I really truly enjoyed this movie.
it is a hidden gem that should have done TONNES of box office.
Her search leads her to a villa populated by a group of eccentric individuals.
The cast is really rather good.
One of the defining features of Eye in the Labyrinth is its music.
It certainly deserves the treatment.
i love this TV series so much.
it contains animation that is interesting and beautiful.
IF u have never watched it before u should totally download it.
It was the best TV show in the world.
but I'm glad i got to watch the 13 episodes.
I am a fan of animal movies.
Homeward Bound did just this.
It was a complete success.
It is very much an archetypal movie.
These three personalities bounce off of each other very well.
Fox and Sally Fields.
Sassy the cat is female with a rather prim and proper personality.
This is a very enjoyable family film.
I was very surprised how much I enjoyed this film.
This is a really nice and sweet movie that the entire family can enjoy.
The cat is named Sassy and she lives up to her name.
Shadow is the older and wiser dog who senses things.
This is one of my favorite family movies.
Definitely recommended for a good old family movie night.
This movie got a sequel three years later.
Fox has some youthful energy he brings to the role.
Sally Field does great voice work as Sassy.
Also the visible actors are great.
Jean Smart portrays Kate.
We see Sassy taken by the river and she seems like a goner.
The bear scene is exiting and funny.
And his meeting with the porcupine looks painful.
This is some great fun for the whole family.
Definitely perfect for an evening alone or with the kids.
Hats off to Disney.
It reminded me of my childhood dog.
It also shows an animals survival instinct and tracking abilities.
Put humans in the same position ant the helicopters would be out.
Could You please help me and tell me where i can buy it from.
It is a great movie for the whole family.
i really liked the film.
at ending i was in tears.
this film is incredible.
go watch the movie.
you will enjoy it.
i could have given it ranking more than 10.
i liked the teasing between chance and sassy.
i like the leadership of shadow.
overall this movie was perfect.
its sequel is good but not good as this movie.
i think there should be a third sequel to it.
not only this film attracts children but also adults.
my whole family enjoyed this film.
Chance was full of humor.
sassy is an intelligent cat.
again i say THIS MOVIE IS A MUST WATCH.
the more u see this movie the more you are attached with this movie.
this movie is a classic.
Shadow was my favorite character in the movie.
Details of the case were right on.
no deviations of dramatic effect.
This means it is more than just a movie about pets.
This movie does not lack qualities.
Veronica Lauren is equally good as Hope.
Chance just can not stand still.
Its sequel is clearly inferior.
This should definitely be on Top 250.
This one crosses that border with flying colors.
The film certainly invites comparisons to its 1963 counterpart.
This update is more epic and cinematic.
There is virtually nothing offensive in the film.
Homeward bound is not just a typical animal movie.
A very good effort.
I highly recommend it to people of all ages and especially to animal lovers.
This movie was awesome.
this is because i think that he is the most interesting and charming.
As a kid I thought this movie was great.
Even when people hum it.
A truly incredible journey.
This is definitely one of the greatest Disney movies ever made.
The film gives an overwhelming sense of joy that you never really expect.
The way the personalities of the characters is chosen is truly fantastic.
Homeward Bound is a beautiful film.
I think it is a waste of money that he is still alive.
This movie is definitely on the list of my top 10 favorites.
The voices for the animals are wonderful.
Sally Field and Michael J.
This is a great movie for all ages.
Its the story about three animals how have to find their way home.
You never know what is going to happen next.
This movie makes you cry and makes you laugh.
You just do not know what going to happen next.
The trek home is all beautiful with all the wonderful wildlife scenes.
I watch this movie all the time.
They are so effortless and simple but still so fascinating.
I have no idea why this documentary works.
He came back 6 years later to see what had changed.
The Up series are about people.
And the change is great.
1985 is the Reagan era and the farmers are suffering.
This documentary is quite relevant today.
Our financial crises today started because of what was happening then.
And particularly a democracy that.
I do not know what would the Mexicans think when they watch this.
There are so many emotions thrown into this film.
From start to finish this film is immensely captivating.
Washington as always puts on a great performance.
Everything is portrayed brilliantly .
The film would of course be nothing without Washington.
I wish I would got the chance to see this on the big screen.
You are missing out one of the saddest yet complicated murder of all.
While the actress who plays Ms.
His other mistress is definitely more attractive than the actual woman.
It would be better with actual Delaware and Philadelphia locations.
These bits of information might be overlooked by any other executive producer or director.
Ann Rule is a fascinating storyteller of true crime.
He was brilliant then and now.
He does an above average job with an amazing story.
then one day she gets kidnapped.
But the strongest part of the movie.
And that is not the end of the list.
not just a revenge movie.
and is pure beautiful.
My vote is ten.
I am amazed that movies like this can still be made.
a Man on Fire.
You must see this movie.
And even maybe the visual effects which were of very high quality.
These guys just have it.
Apparently the kidnapping business in Mexico is so vibrant that these paid former S.
s and such can do very well while providing a needed service.
But Fanning is nothing short of remarkable in the role.
Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them.
He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family.
But not in this film.
There is nothing gimmicky about his brand of justice.
He needs information and someone loses a finger.
Man on Fire is one the five best films of 2004.
Dakota Fanning is an amazing young actress.
I would have loved to see more of both of them.
The authentic locations are remarkable.
The camera work is interesting and different.
I highly recommend this movie.
Man on Fire was hot.
His death was noble in fact.
This movie deserves good marks because it definitely was a good movie.
I cried numerous times but believe me it was not over sappiness.
Man On Fire was one of those movies.
It is like none other.
drama and action combined to create something amazingly spectacular.
I have watched it several times now.
This excellent drama had me in suspense the whole time.
The cast was also very good.
The only bad cast member was the actress who played Anne Marie.
A little too late for that if you ask me.
Based on the novel by A.
But it is Washington and the delightful Ms.
Fanning who steal the show.
i liked this film a lot.
i would thoroughly recommend this movie to anyone.
I loved this movie.
I'm a Mexican and was in the least offended by it.
A bodyguard turned vengeful vigilante.
MAN ON FIRE is a gripping film that you can not miss.
Some of the editing is a bit fuzzy.
His performance is nothing short of Excellent.
It is a must watch for anyone.
this proves it once again.
You will not be disappointed.
She was excellent in the show.
This show appeared briefly in the summer of 1999 but then disappeared.
You are loved and respected.
just do not miss it.
Certainly one of the finest movies I have seen for quite some time.
Exquisite direction and flawless acting make this a very entertaining and often moving film.
I will say that it is so Australian.
This movie is great entertainment to watch with the wife or girlfriend.
There are laughs galore and some very interesting little nudist stories going on here.
The actresses are all very interesting and definitely worth watching in their natural beauty.
Simon is just bored with it all.
I would think that this character is the main comic element.
It is a great mission.
It should run well on even a modestly specified PC.
Stick with the story it gets better and better as it goes on.
This section took me a while to beat.
It adds variety to the game.
The game has an active mod scene on the Net.
Pick up some mods to extend the game.
It is quite obvious that they are hinting at a upcoming sequel.
The graphics are good but just not anything revolutionary or anything.
Addictive game but beware of its flaws.
And watching it again brought a nostalgic lump to the throat.
So you would hear the original voices and language.
Even the bad copies around are still enjoyable to watch.
I can not even form an accurate estimate at this point.
Millions had had their magical day in 1977 and 1980.
And this was my Star Wars movie.
I previously thought that this film was the lamest of the Muppet films.
I would like now to retract that statement.
The songs will remain in my head forever.
My absolute favorite is the play at the end.
I was surprised that the Sesame Street characters popped in at the wedding.
I'm just glad this movie was very entertaining.
It rates a 7.
I happened to have enjoyed it greatly.
Fun to watch with your kids.
This is one smart and funny movie for kids and parents alike.
Another great Muppet flick.
I love the characters and cameos.
It sounded more like a song that is played at a funeral.
Maybe it will someday.
It is the funniest Muppet movie and is sure to be enjoyed by all.
This film makes me feel like a kid again.
You will see cameos by the then New York City Mayor Ed Koch.
I honestly do not remember if I liked it at the time or not.
these and plenty of other moments in the film had me rolling.
but this one deserves it.
i love this film.
the songs and story lines are great fun.
great voices and great talent.
When I saw it for the first time I was really impressed.
the main point was not conflict but.
I am sure people wont regret and will really have a good time.
I am also curious of the rifle itself.
Beckett mentioned that he thought it was the best sniper rifle ever made.
I would like to know which rifle that is also.
I know that this particular rifle was made around WWII or beforehand.
I found out his name from my friend who is a former Marine.
Any information would be great.
I know I know it was a good ending but sincerely it was awesome.
The cinematography of this film is impressive.
The movie was a direct hit.
Rating 4 out of 5 stars.
Zane and Beringer will keep you on the edge of your seats.
The ending through me a little though.
Here he plays a sniper in the jungle going after rebels and drug lords.
Pretty close to the real thing.
its about enjoying the sniper lifestyle and action.
the plain of dealing with all of the death.
Must see for sniper fans.
Sniper gives a true new meaning to war movies.
This will be somewhat short.
Which shows just how deadly and effective a trained military sniper really is.
We see earlier in the movie Sgt.
For it shows step by step how Sgt.
I have heard people who say this movie is dull dull dull.
I do not think they were watching the right movie.
But it goes deeper than that.
I became such a fan girl all over again.
They have so little in common.
Well worth your time.
Overall I would have to say that I liked the movie.
Some of the fight scenes are really good.
Talk about bad taste.
5 out of 10 Stars.
The lightning of the lethal bolts reflected on his Black helmet.
The most agile fat guy in martial arts does it again.
Highly recommended for a good mood.
Some have told me that they loathe his work.
He usually has serious difficulties with little things like record players or radios.
The funniest bit of this movie was purely unintentional.
It was like watching a fat Bruce Lee.
Excellent fight scenes and a lot of laughs.
Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a film.
Not a single shot of a city or even a fake skyline.
His every movement seems to go a little farther than it was intended to.
It would have been better off with no score at all.
John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels.
With such performances are Oscars won.
They watched and found anecdotal and thematic interest there.
Think about it for a minute or two.
Even though he was wanted for murder and an enemy of the British Empire.
What a truly remarkable movie.
This is one dated movie.
We are just different.
Now go watch the movie.
The conflict of individuality and the cause is what makes THE INFORMER tick.
Two different signs become the psychological centerpiece for the drunken Irishman.
He shoves a lot.
He knocks people out.
He is a brute who knows no better.
See the film to find out the gritty details.
the best Star Wars ever.
also love the Bob feat figure a do hes a back ground player.
No split involved in his award.
John Ford knew this world very well.
Preston Foster plays the IRA commandant Dan Gallagher.
The IRA trial scene is the highlight of the film.
A very good film well worth watching.
It deserves a 12.
The acting is remarkable.
Every other performer in the film deserves his or her kudos.
I love the darker side of Ford.
I have decided to not believe what famous movie critics say.
It got me thinking.
What a false world this is.
What do you do when your most loved ones deceive you.
Same way some people are such that they are never grateful.
A brother dies inadvertently at the hands of a gangster.
The surviving brother decides to take revenge.
Nothing is real and no one is loyal to anyone.
The new actor Aryan gave a good performance.
His movies always give some message to the audience.
He has a family in India.
Kidnapping of his family is also seemed vague.
A movie made for contemporary audience.
The masses get to see what they want to see.
I had to fast forward quite a number of scenes.
The songs are catchy.
It emphasizes on the idea of karma.
It gives a powerful message of family.
Am surprised there has not been much hype around release.
Return of the Jedi is my favorite of the Original Trilogy.
The kid who played Aryan was probably over his head with this cast.
There I think maybe the director could have done better.
I'm sure she sailed right over the heads of most of the audience.
The drawings were just amazing.
Too bad it ended before it begun.
I am currently hunting for a copy to purchase.
There are one or two times where the storyline slows to a crawl.
perhaps my mother kept me away from it.
I thought the story followed the book fairly well in a loose sense.
That would have made it the ultimate movie.
It might have garnered a higher vote from me.
I give it a 7.
in my opinion i thought it was EXTREMELY long.
I'm inclined to be in the middle.
and being very impressed.
I have to confess to a certain bias here.
I was for the most part satisfied by the drawings of the characters.
This film is novel for its animation techniques.
The voice acting was generally of high quality.
Some of those are so good that they can bring tears to your eyes.
9 out of 10.
The whole cast is too run of the mill.
And those are stylish slow motion kills.
And that is because of some key visuals.
It captured my imagination.
The quality of animation leaves room for complaint.
John Hurt is great in this.
His voice is extraordinary.
We see his decline as the weight of his burden increases.
This is a very beautiful film.
The film has a great score that completely supports the movie.
but instead of destroying it he foolishly chooses to keep it.
This version covers just over half of the original book.
A very good movie.
This movie offers a greater number of aliens.
We see the Rebel Alliance leaders and much of the Imperial forces.
The Emperor is somewhat an original character.
It gives a sadness and a tear.
I felt there was much more than meets the eye.
If it were not for Mr.
No it is not live action.
The voice actors are wonderful.
Wells was profound and brought subtext to his tales .
THINGS TO COME was adapted by Wells himself from his own novel .
In short this is a film whose flaws are easy to forgive.
Things to Come is an historic film.
It is also one of the first doomsday movies.
it was and remains far ahead of its time.
Wells made that choice.
he sweeps his hand over the night sky.
This is an amazing movie from 1936.
SYNOPSIS The future as seen from 1939 England.
CONCEPT IN RELATION TO THE VIEWER Beware your leaders and what you are told.
Thinking outside the box can lead to a brighter tomorrow.
This is a fascinating work on numerous levels.
This vision of the future is both terrifying and whimsical.
This film was cutting edge for its day.
The special effects are very good as is the story line.
The ending of the film leaves the viewer a bit perplexed.
Many great British actors are in this film as young men.
The realization of the modern machinery is very effective.
and it is very clear compared to my VHS version.
It gave details of why some things happened.
Swept flying wing planes.
Strong rolls for the women through the entire movie.
very well made science fiction tale about a war that lasts for decades.
this film was ahead of its time.
this movie has nothing to do with the original.
wells like Jules Verne had a vision for the future with his stories.
a classic science fiction movie.
10 out of 10.
This is probably the best of all of the Star Wars movies.
Amazing effects for a movie of this time.
Watch it in one sitting and you will be propelled.
I would like to see how others react to this movie.
Tell us what you think.
Things to Come and Metropolis were the hallmarks of neolithic Hollywood science fiction cinema.
Inspiring like that final monologue by John Cabal.
If scientists behaved in a way that H.
Wells got it wrong both in time and in development.
He apparently never envisioned the computer as well as atomic power.
I personally loved it and think it excellently captures the zeitgeist of modernity.
It also seems implausible about the inevitability of progress.
But for MAN no rest and no ending.
The weaker were the mass of humanity and the stronger were the minority elite.
That was not Hitler.
Wells and that was not after the first world war.
That was more than ten years before.
Wells was able to imagine humanity being completely white by 2036.
And that was produced in 1936.
This vision is at least just as much frightening as the three others.
It would be unfair to go beyond.
I first saw this film 40 years ago on N.
Wells sees restriction of private freedoms as a good thing.
The very best acting performance is that of Ralph Richardson as the Boss.
When I think of Return of the Jedi I think epic.
Jedi is definitely more darker then the rest of the movies.
Rogers compared to him .
The best part was of course the special effects.
You can break it up into about 4 different scenes or parts.
The plot is lacking something that I can not put my finger on.
I never saw this movie until I bought the tape last year.
I was enthralled and entertained.
The things that caught my attention from the beginning were the initial credits.
That imagery is very effecting.
This war does not end.
The poison gas of the aerial wars segues into the second act.
It is another dark age.
Into this lands a futuristic plane that heralds the future.
That future is the third act.
The explanatory titles are strongly reminiscent of German Expressionist graphic design.
This is particularly galling since the scenes of the giant aircraft are very convincing.
I first saw this as a child living in East London.
I remember having nightmares after seeing it.
It was interesting to see how space travel was perceived back then.
The means of war as a catalyst for development.
How he missed out on an Oscar is a mystery.
The Apprentice as much as the Master.
The Victim as much as the Villain.
So in conclusion what can I say.
George Lucas is the master of the Saga.
Just a note to add to the above comment.
Now we have hats.
is just as good as the original.
Surprising anyone who saw it back in the mid nineties.
These guys are real and slightly diverse.
They react to situations like any of us might.
I was laughing almost continuously from start to finish.
Luke comes as a Jedi knight to rescue his friends.
It is now one of my favorite movies of all time.
Thank You Rusty for giving us something to laugh at.
It is no wonder why both movies have such a huge cult following.
I was blown away.
I was on the floor laughing my butt off this movie is so great.
I can not stop saying how much I loved this movie.
Following the group is documentary maker Nina Blackburn.
In the movie he plays rapper Ice Cold.
has some sort of natural chemistry to them.
I like this movie because it is offensive.
There is something here to offend everyone in a good natured way.
The movie has line after line that will have you rolling on the floor.
As I said before the writing is just excellent.
I am not surprised that this movie met such limited release.
The actors are incredible and the documentary style is superb.
Yet it is hilarious.
The characters are all very funny and believable.
I watched just because it made me laugh at 3 a.
This movie comes from a time where rappers deserved more credit.
This is highly recommend for any fan of This is Spinal Tap.
They are an up and coming rap group whose politics makes them controversial.
And the songs are off the hook also.
The cast is talented and does at great job becoming the characters portrayed.
The songs are too funny to be believed.
you are probably not familiar with the original story of rap group N.
this story was somewhat based on that.
So I filed it away that I should see this movie.
Its a shame not many people have heard of this gem of a film.
Its a shame this film is not in the Top 250.
This Movie is a Pure Pleasure.
Either you will Completely Love it or You Will Totally Hate It.
This makes for a much less textured film.
Another aspect is its lack of originality.
It just feels like lazy construction.
Fisher for her part is visibly high in some scenes.
The space battles towards the end are very impressive.
Ultimately this film coasts to success based on the accomplishments of its forebears.
the Dentist has the best bloody revenge in it that I have ever seen.
is damn good acting.
A nice solid cast of supporting actors round out this gem of a film.
An enjoyably warped treat.
I give it an 8.
The plot is twisted.
And you do not want to come to his path.
He was actually great in his role and he was kind of sad person.
The crazy dentist tortures people in horrific ways.
Quite realistic at times but some of the acting is abysmal and comical.
In some scenes there is dental torture that will really make you cringe.
The Dentist starts on the morning of Dr.
On the surface Mr.
This is a gory mess and pretty convincing.
Star Wars is more than a movie.
it is an idea.
The Dentist is actually a really good film.
Corbin makes a great creepy dentist.
It does to dentists what Jaws does to sharks.
I will not spoil what happens.
And the tension drops a little bit during the very end.
The brilliance of this movie is that even a competent dentist is pretty scary.
I love this movie.
And I have always had a love for medical horror.
This movie gives me the creeps and even makes me cringe.
That is what I love about this film.
The movie is kind of boring.
I would recommend it if you are into gore.
I give this film 7 stars out of 10.
The Dentist is a really good thriller.
You can take that as a recommendation to itself.
This film came right on time actually.
The rest of the cast does good work too.
You will be disgusted.
Too bad this film was followed by a completely unnecessary sequel.
My humble opinion on the Dentist .
Horror is often most effective when it uses real life unpleasantness as a theme.
Those in the profession have some genuinely intimidating looking instruments.
Brooke and the I.
agent figure in particularly effective torture scenes.
The makeup effects are for the most part quite good.
For me the pacing of the movie was just right.
His name was not even mentioned anywhere in the movie.
The only thing they had was their blasters.
But I can not know for sure.
I believe that the results on these polls are appalling and quite misleading.
this is an entertaining movie.
how scary is that.
Until he catches his wife cheating on him with the pool cleaner.
He has a beautiful wife and a huge house with a pool.
He starts to torture his patients.
It tells the story of Dr.
We witness how he goes from respected professional to psycho murder in a day.
This gem for gore lovers is extremely underrated.
A full exploitation of the almost universal fear of dentists and flawlessly shot.
Only for the connoisseurs.
Needless to say it was a good solid Doctor Who story.
Might be a tad too intense for the younger viewers though.
10 out of 10.
We also witness a tremendous triple battle at the end.
I loved every minute of this.
Sandra Locke is as cold in this film as she is beautiful.
Sudden Impact is the best of the five Dirty Harry movies.
Which is just the way I like it.
Great story too and ably directed by Clint himself.
Sudden Impact brings a new meaning and more darker tone to Dirty Harry.
The rebel heroes regroup with the Rebel Fleet.
Filled with a deep timeless story of good vs.
I know that Walter Brennan had died.
This show had value and morals each show gave a lesson to be learned.
The movie has nothing that goes away from he central plot.
The first 15 or 20 minutes are quite spectacular.
Eastwood makes great use of the juxtaposition of faces.
The only thing that is really annoying is the farting dog.
Sondra Locke is perfect in the role of a traumatized woman out for revenge.
The pace is quick and several of the scenes are unforgettable.
As more bodies start to appear with the same M.
44 magnum heroics to satisfy the Harry loyalists.
Instead we get the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros.
Sudden Impact was overall better than The Enforcer in my opinion.
Sudden Impact was different than the previous installments.
Michael Currie is decent as Lt.
Now for the really bad part.
And Paul Drake was just horrible as Mick.
The film is extremely gritty and graphically violent.
Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever.
Not afraid to make use of his 44.
Sudden Impact is a two pronged story.
Now the second part of the story.
This is Harry Callahan Trouble follows him.
Go Ahead Make your day.
It seemed to come off.
These people are truly an ugly bunch of saps.
It builds masterfully to its climax and pulls punches all the while.
Sudden Impact is indeed enjoyable entertainment.
The performances across the board were compelling.
This was the only sequel in the dirty Harry saga that equaled the first.
What we have here is an action movie with a point of view.
This makes the story more interesting than the usual Dirty Harry fare.
And it is certainly never dull.
2 out of 10.
This is a very sophomoric film that appeals to our base instincts.
This time Harry attempts to solve a series of murders while on vacation.
employed by the perpetrator.
Pierce and Earl E.
Also effective is Audrie J.
I had never seen a film like this before.
Certainly the interaction is amazing in its power to influence the viewer.
Then begins a cat and mouse play .
One of the sisters is in a wheelchair .
Turn off all the lights before watching.
I applaud this one on that.
A treat to watch.
He will be missed.
it is hard to tell you more about this film without spoiling it.
A thriller which does not seem like one.
One of my favorite All time classics.
And we find the loving Fido whatever he may do.
Rated R for zombie related violence.
I really enjoyed this movie.
But he carried himself very well for being a new talent.
The extras were cool too.
a boy and his zombie.
Gone was the incessant bickering between Carrie Fisher and Harrison Ford.
I was also on hand for the premiere in Toronto.
The kids were also great.
Definitely check this one out if you get the chance.
Until his collar goes on the blink.
It deserved more recognition.
A true reality show.
I never tried to eat Timmy.
And I am so glad I did.
FIDO is a movie unlike anything I have ever seen.
FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido.
Which can be a problem especially with the elderly.
well I will just let you watch this incredibly unique flick.
FIDO is a fantastic idea brought to fruition.
There are plenty of funny and original situations that really had me entertained.
This movie really really shows the talents of actors.
Billy Connelly flexes his acting muscle.
They make the old films seem even better.
He really brings the changes Luke has gone through seem real.
Harrison Ford is still good.
In short Han Solo is better than ever.
These little creatures are so annoying they almost ruin every scene they are in.
The melodramatics are kind of silly but the cast pulls it off.
Everyone here is excellent and right on target.
The satire may be lost on most people and the gore is pretty tame.
I give it an 8.
And this somebody is me.
that is until this movie came along.
A satire to be precise.
Two weeks ago Fido began playing in my local theater.
This is a clever premise.
This is his best role since Mrs.
The movie does break down in it is third act.
In fact the whole cast is perfect.
Zombies are featured prominently among the characters.
Moss had such fine comedienne chops.
The cast was ROCK SOLID.
There is a giddy carnivorous spirit to this movie.
FIDO is guaranteed to cure grumpiness.
The charm and balance with which it does this is near enough perfect.
If that is not the case.
He was too young to fully appreciate how special that gift would be.
But these are times of sereneness compared to the future.
They are spurned back and later at a nightclub by their French neighbors.
Brown of Harvard is a hard movie to pin down.
THE FRESHMAN is probably the best college picture you can find from the era.
Maybe the previous 350 voters are mostly Harvard men.
The end could not be better.
They all do so well.
They are believable characters.
He was one of the most appealing and talented actors of his time.
They accidentally hit a deer while driving there.
I was expecting the worst when I started watching this.
First off it is NOT a horror film.
It plays more like a family drama with horror elements thrown in.
I'm giving it a 7.
This movie is excellent.
I found it very interesting.
Now this is what I'm talking about.
A film that makes you think is not one to avoid.
A haunting piece that the discerning horror film fan will fall upon with gratitude.
Perspective is a good thing.
His psychological make up is not as strong as his outward appearance would suggest.
The other Rebel characters certainly work in his shadow.
This time the Emperor himself is overseeing the final stages of construction.
All the other actors are well entrenched in their roles.
8 out of 10.
The music too was exquisitely unsettling.
Those ten minutes could have made all the difference in the world.
A solid B movie.
I like Jake Weber.
His understated delivery is refreshing in a time of over the top performances.
I liked the relationship between the father and son.
I liked the family dynamics.
He spies on George and Kim as they have sex.
This movie is not for everyone.
This is also a story of alienation.
The film is well paced and acted.
A group of hunters who were tracking the buck come along.
I usually prefer some ambiguity.
One of the best things about the film is its complexity.
Other technical aspects are good for the budget.
Good sequel to Murder in a Small Town.
In this one Cash and his police Lt.
This is just one more example of the absolute genius of Gene Wilder.
He wrote and starred in this terrific mystery.
No one could have done it better.
The suspense was palpable throughout.
Wilder would grace us with another of these.
I have enjoyed everything I have ever seen Mr.
His subtle wit comes through in spades.
His star just gets brighter and brighter.
The portions of the movie which portrayed actors acting was done very well.
I'm sure this is an additional challenge for the cast to pull off.
Even his singing was a delight.
I enjoyed the cool live combo and the swing tunes.
This Movie has great fight scenes.
Now its true that the acting is a little rough.
And the stunts are worthy enough for Jackie Chan to sit threw and admire.
But no paradise would be complete without its snake.
I have seen this movie quite a few times.
A classy film pulled in 2 directions.
To its advantage it is directed by Wes Craven.
Her looks and performance had an unexpected repercussions a few years later.
Probably due to a personal nature between the artist and Catherine.
My vote is seven.
The movie was keep you guessing as which direction it is going.
They made no bones about it .
it was Grandpa who made the show such a success.
at times interrupting Tony and Kathleen to make a point.
but without getting preachy.
We had been drinking.
This is one of the best films for ripping apart I have ever seen.
Then the dad is there hugging them.
There is not one redeeming feature to this film.
The casino is the size of a large bedroom with one casino table.
First of all I was not aware of Lucille.
I wonder why this part of his life was not mentioned.
Overall the movie was great.
Visually he did not remind me of Little Richard.
From the movie he was pictured as a sexual addict.
In todays time he would be referred to counseling for his sexual addition.
He was a voyeur.
He captures Little Richard to a most believable essence.
Her voice is platinum.
She needs to make a CD.
She has more fans then she realizes.
How can a little girl have a voice so big.
She is truly amazing.
I believe you can truly make it.
The man could sing the drawers off the ladies and defined rock and roll.
7 out of 10.
This is probably one of the better buddy comedies in a long time.
appearance you can find.
Little Richard is always on.
Obviously you have no taste and you do not respect the taste of others.
Standard rise to fame tale that has a few high points.
The fact that she never became a huge sensation after this is beyond me.
The copy I saw was a very old VHS tape.
Tony King was very realistic in his role of Satin.
Thomas in 1977 and immediately fell in love with it.
It was sort of a guilty pleasure to watch.
Addition of Albert Einstein and his band of geniuses provides excellent comic relief.
This movie is cute and fun .
The film is filled with great character actors and delightfully sweet and daffy performances.
Probably the funniest scene is when Dr.
And did he wear socks in one scene.
I just finished reading Dr.
No and this is very much how Ian Fleming had portrayed James Bond.
How nice to know that it might work out in I.
Very lovable and very intelligent too.
Her innocent indignant expressions have you wishing she was yours.
The hero handles the garage mechanic to physicist transformation well.
The end result is a fun movie with surprises throughout.
It was a doubly interesting experience.
Maybe nobody really has tried.
But that is an exception and it was a spoof.
But his Albert Einstein happens to be genuinely sweet.
He plays Albert as good old uncle Albert.
The speech that Robbins delivers at his first appearance in public is sheer poetry.
Kudos to the writers for handling this froth with wit and levity.
I also thought that Keene Curtis was wonderful as Eisenhower.
Eight very solid points.
Not to be missed.
This movie is so great.
And everything about it has a magical feeling towards it.
I also love the music.
The violin is awesome.
I really enjoyed them.
It also shows his range and depth as an actor.
I found the characters to be well crafted.
The twist in the middle I felt was especially good.
I also liked how the characters come off realistically.
I like the different approaches this movie takes.
naturally with amusing results.
One of the best of the comedy romance genre.
All of the actors are in top form.
All the players did a good job at keeping this a lively romp.
one can just totally forget reality and have a good time.
You will laugh while watching this movie.
Perhaps it is because she is surrounded by all that genius.
She thinks that if she marries someone with a high I.
her kids will have a high I.
I love sweet stories.
People all ages should enjoy this movie.
Ed and Einstein riding on the motorcycle.
I have the tape and every once and awhile I will watch it again.
This is one of my all time favorites.
I really like a film full of good quotes and this has it.
s way of portraying Einstein.
I think all the characters fit together really well and the story flows nicely.
I recently saw I.
So many movies in my opinion lack honesty.
How they stuck together and they tried to help Tim Robbins character become smart.
I would recommend this for a Sunday morning.
I just watched I.
again tonight and had forgotten how much I love this movie.
I highly recommend this movie.
Maybe I'm being too generous with the rating.
The scientists make me laugh so much.
About 1986 I saw this movie by accident on TV one night.
I was 6 years old.
I do not know if they would want to see it anyway.
Even suckling a young baby mutates into a greedy sexual act of exploitation.
It ends in a truly gruesome suicide.
Mutilation of where the boys began.
So close to finally finding love with Deborah.
Now they are both destroyed.
Two things I can not stand are rape movies and prison movies.
The ending is delightful and with some surprise to it.
Dare I say that only the French can get away with films like this.
And that is part of their genius.
I can remember seeing this movie as a kid in 1977 or 1978.
Most people I talk to have never heard of it.
Even though there is a pointless aspect to the film it is well acted.
A whole new slant to the end of the film.
In the end this uncompromising and daring film demands respect.
Simply because they are different kinds of people.
like those of pulp fiction etc.
Timeless classic and 20 years later it will still shock some.
It would make an interesting double feature with the excellent earlier film.
Between 6 and 7 out of 10.
The enemy robot is very menacing.
And there are some great moments within this film.
I can not even begin to describe the brilliant acting and well written script.
The Academy had a grave oversight in not celebrating the joy that is.
If you are in to that be prepared to enjoy yourself.
the characters are great.
I really like the ending.
It only blossomed when they kissed each other.
the characters are great.
I really like the ending.
It only blossomed when they kissed each other.
What a master piece.
To take the cold war conflict and transport it to the future.
This film is satire of the highest order.
In my humble opinion it outranks Dr.
only are we really seeing the dangers of genetic engineering.
This movies screams DON'T DO IT YOU FOOLS YOU'LL KILL US ALL.
They admit they stole.
though adapted is the P.
Great flick but too short.
But it is fun to dream about the potential there.
I'm no expert and thus still trying to figure this out.
One of the best movies out there.
Great for the time and brilliant and creative ideas.
Something different from the usual movies and great fun.
Check it out cause I have loved it since it came out.
Not a mainstream flick and not like anything you have ever seen.
Take a look and think like a child.
My girlfriend and I have a thing for Robots.
So I try to seek out movies that have robots.
And this movie has robots.
It is very hard to dislike this movie.
Because of those big robots.
And that is good enough for me.
This is a nifty little flick that deserves its cult reputation.
What a great film it is.
The notion of nations sending people fighting each other with giant robots is tacky.
But I am intrigued by the characters.
Their romance is very enjoyable.
The stop motion effects could have been a tiny bit better.
9 STARS OUT OF 10.
Some of it is cheap but the robot fights is worth seeing.
The movie is worth seeing at least once.
There really needs to be some more movies on the same theme out there.
Less remakes and more original works.
Nor was the ancient Achilles a noble warrior.
The effects were fairly good for the time and the budget.
Probably just by the mass populace.
This movie may not be for everyone though.
The film has crazy ideas.
I tend to like movies which have small budgets and actually work.
He was one of the leading directors in the New Germany after WWII.
You can give up or adjust you way of thinking to survive.
Directed by Richard Shepard.
One of the years most enjoyable and best films.
My first Fassbinder was a wonderful experience.
Everything seemed to be in right place.
The relationship between the wife and husband is unique.
Nothing and no one can come between the two of them.
A very intriguing film which is totally absorbing.
There are food shortages.
The direct approach Maria takes in this film is successful to convey this ideology.
He also remarked that his films are anti emotional.
As if we signed a contract to enjoy life.
Any mistakes made in a film could just be corrected in the next project.
There are different opinions about the end.
For me it is obvious that she just did that by accident.
She must have felt as if she was not herself anymore.
She felt as if she had outlived herself.
But one day while getting intimate with Bill they see Hermann at the door.
Thats the reason for the bathroom scene.
So when the house explodes its by accident.
Fassbinder was fascinated by survivors but he was also incredibly passionate.
In his view Maria can not have it both ways.
Sensual and tough Maria Braun.
Moments of deep thought and revelation came pouring out of the actors performances.
I will be looking for a copy to add to my movie collection.
I'm frequently asked what makes Love Trap different.
It is a rare morality play full of food for thought.
com for complete and accurate info about this film.
This is a film about a hired assassin who befriends a harried businessman.
We never missed it.
I picked this film up at my local library.
I was pleasantly surprised.
The entire presentation surpassed my expectations.
A Crown International Release.
this is a tribute to cinema in the highest form and format.
The Van is a guilty pleasure of mine.
I will never forget the joy of those times.
A complete movie with all of the memories you could hope for.
I own it and enjoy it about once a year.
This classic film was definitely worth the price of admission.
There are so many other things to say about this incredible film.
I was not disappointed.
An expanded universal film vocabulary by 1926 would allow for a vastly superior remake.
I'm not sure who was the distributor.
The Last Command is very good silent drama.
Evelyn Brent is wonderful playing the woman lead.
William Powell is great as always.
There are plenty of scenes to remember in this movie.
This is a movie that touches in many parts.
I found this to be a profoundly amusing dark comedy.
South Park fans would surely get something here.
Another surprise is the production value here.
A lot of expensive little details.
Its not a little show.
It surely could have been done cheaper and went on the will was there.
As I really liked the show it has its faults.
I think thats kind of what makes South Park work.
but its difficult to understand if Parker and Stone actually means anything by it.
Besides that I actually thought the show was very enjoyable.
Some of the jokes in here are hilarious.
It is also a political satire.
He did sort of do that as gov.
Most films in the series take place over a few days or weeks.
This finale was very good and occurred in the rain.
They are tacky and unfunny.
that is the sort of flat that it is.
A big plus goes to the writing as well.
This is definitely a film worth searching for.
Worth seeing when you put the movie in it is proper context.
This movie to me felt like closure.
I think it is time to increase that group to 2.
I also love the way they used the song by Asia.
I was making my first feature when this came out.
This is the final episode we deserved.
For anyone who liked the series this movie will be something to watch.
This like the series was a very well put together series of scenes.
This is a series I wish had lived on.
Thanks to the cast for some wonderful TV.
It hurt to see that this was the end of Homicide.
I enjoyed this a lot.
Gee runs for mayor and gets shot.
This is a good film.
The whole story winds up the series in a most satisfying and original way.
And the movie certainly retained that spirit.
Sorry to see you go.
But his night was not over yet.
Fun to watch awesome sequences as good as any Hollywood epic fight scene.
The greatest positives of this series are it is characters.
The way its plot twists and turns has u riveted.
Old conflicts will end and new ones will arise.
the dubbing is simply flawless.
The story is a very simple thread.
It has a subtle way of connecting with the audience.
Forget calling them real.
Its truly saying something.
The very last scene of the movie stays with me.
This does not happen in Wing.
Both voices bring out different sides to the same character.
The members of OZ are a mixed bag really.
bored most of the time.
The cannon fodder pilots and military leaders are nothing to speak of either.
I am still a fan.
with some minor pains.
I mean he whines more than an American character on a soap opera.
I mean it can always be worse.
I will chat about that one later.
and are used as grunt infantry.
releases at the same time with two voice teams.
The year is After Colony 195.
The Alliance forces catch on.
This movie puts you in the shoes of the protagonist of the story.
The director wants you to see what the protagonist sees and thinks.
Worth a nice long look.
I liked this movie because it basically did more with less.
I also found his dialog with the callers pretty funny.
Any more and it would have started to drag.
I would recommend checking it out if you get a chance.
He will make you smile and admire him at the same time.
But it will not be an easy journey.
After the disappointment of Mr.
As much as I hate that the Mr.
WWII was just around the corner.
At least the Mr.
This is one of my favorite Mr.
As usual Lorre is his charming self as the debonair Mr.
i thought that this was a great movie for kids.
i wont ruin the ending.
but it was unusual the way that it was done.
it also helps them out of a jam towards the end.
it also has the plus of not being overly long.
i think it clocks in at under 95 minutes.
i do not think it is garbage .
it was not meant to be a sequel to the documentary either .
This movie has nothing to do with the documentary and its fantasy kiddie fare.
I just watched it and watched it.
in a not so conventional sense of the word.
Trying to find it today is hard enough .
but believe me it is well worth it no matter what the age.
But even the voice acting is far better than much released today.
At one point Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend.
And he really means it.
There are some truly remarkable artists from the vaudeville era as well.
It is truly beautiful and it stars Myrna Loy and Nick Lucas.
It is very hard to rate this film.
Even at a high salary he could not be compelled to join in.
THE SHOW OF SHOWS is pretty gigantic.
which is all set to the song LADY LUCK.
And so should you.
It is all so demented.
Keaton balances all three aspects of his lead character quite well.
I really enjoyed this movie.
Typically Ron Howard who seems to like being associated with Michael Keaton.
Love the scene when Hunt travels to Japan with his sales pitch.
I just have to throw my two cents in.
Yes for the most part the characters are broadly written and acted.
that should be enough.
I can not think of another who is so capable in every genre.
Certainly none who have been successful at all those genres.
Tom Cruise so I will move on.
The students can either buy or rent the movie.
I'm not really into the crude language the auto workers use all the time.
Philip Baker Hall puts an appearance as the liaison between Julian and his assignments.
I recently saw this movie in my International Business class.
I saw this movie when it was new.
I noticed one reviewer uses this in a Japanese class.
Michael Keaton has never been funnier.
The two of them work wonderfully together.
Then Hunt jumps on a chair.
Hunt jumps on the desk with him.
The fight then spills out from the office into the factory.
I saw this movie again as an assignment for my management class.
He was a perfect fit for the movie.
I am surprised to see some of the low ratings for this movie.
I beg to differ.
They perhaps made the company above all else.
Where American workers had more of a management verses labor type of relationship.
The individual was more important than the company.
I will probably get some hate email over that comment I'm sure.
Another difference was how quality was viewed and whose responsibility it was to fix.
Audio options are provided in English 5.
Watching it in 2008 is certainly different than watching it in 1986.
He embodied every negative stereotype of Americans.
And I'm glad I continued the watch.
The end was excellent.
You always want a harmonious ending and this was just that.
It was a mediocre movie that ended on a high note.
This is definitely worth seeing.
Music by blues legend Stevie Ray Vaughan.
The Matador is a strange film.
But Matador differs in several key ways.
And yet this unorthodox approach is perhaps what makes the film feel authentic.
The movie never deals with these questions.
The focus is on Julian and his stumbling shuffle into a genuine friendship.
I used this film in a religion class I was teaching.
The golden fish is swimming happily in his bowl in an upper floor apartment.
A young boy and his mother are away from home.
The boy has been given money to buy milk.
Next to him stands a man in a black suit looking a little scary.
The boy drops the bottle of milk.
The man in the black suit gives him money to replace the milk.
This scene alternates with what is happening at home.
A black cat climbs the fire escape and enters the apartment.
The fish swims energetically and flips out of the bowl.
The cat takes the fish in his mouth and we all hold our breath.
The cat drops the fish into the bowl.
It was a great discussion starter in my class.
Surprised to see the rather low score for this movie.
And I mean that in a good way.
I think it great example of the differences between two cultures.
It would be a great movie to show in a sociology class.
What happens after that is one hilarious moment after another.
The two cultures clash and it is up to Keaton to hold things together.
All are perfectly cast.
This is a 7.
5 in my book.
You play as B.
This is quite possibly the most influential game of its time.
This is one of them.
caught in an underground bunker.
There is a bonus count after each level is beaten.
stealthily or gunning down anything and everything you see.
more about the weapons later.
The keys unlock certain doors.
Much of the later game is spent looking for them.
And the last one.
Think about unloading massive amounts of lead into Nazi fiends with such a gun.
The sound is excellent.
very crisp and realistic.
That segues me nicely into the level design.
the list goes on.
The game also features quite a bit of gore.
What is there left to say.
but it was on a UHF channel and the reception was very fuzzy.
Well you take O.
This was evidently long before he cultivated his good guy image.
You just never knew until the end.
I can tell you just how bad this movie is.
Especially considering what we did that year.
The thing is that they probably over edited it.
This is positively the best work that Leslie Nielson has ever done.
Russ and Valerie are having discussions about starting a family.
The script is snappy and fun and the overall production values quite high.
The movie helped them better understand their own circumstances.
She has been fighting the entire trust issue.
This is also the first time I had seen her cry.
It certainly opened the lines of communication with us.
Great recommendations from Myself to Watch or Buy this Film.
But My conclusion being.
I thought the movie was actually pretty good.
I enjoyed the acting and it moved along well.
The director seemed to really grasp the story he was trying to tell.
There were some things that could of been better but most are budget related.
A couple of standouts were the guy who played the camera asst.
and the boy who played the child.
I absolutely loved this show.
Definitely a show you could watch with a friend or your children.
I recommend this show to anyone.
and the tension between Joe and Nick is so cute.
I hope everyone gives it a shot.
Most enjoy it more than the first.
Her timing was great and her expressions were priceless.
Verbal sparring like I have seldom seen from a movie of that era.
The last thirty minutes of the movie DOES fall flat.
It is worth the let down just to see the first sixty.
The violence is never really shown but often introduced.
His only clue is an interesting jewel that an old man gave him.
But he still must come to terms with being disabled on his own.
A simply wonderful little gem of a drama.
It rates a 6.
I thought this was an excellent and very honest portrayal of paralysis and racism.
This movie never panders to the audience and never gets predictable.
Touching and sad movie.
Noble and Wright unexpectedly become friends.
Noble is eventually targeted by his employers and shows up in Denver.
Shepard was also down on his luck.
Stay for the closing credits to read what the filmmakers say about bullfighting.
No Hollywood happiness here.
Clearly filmed on a small budget in a real V.
Wesley Snipes does a tremendous job as the angry Raymond.
The orgasm in the ward is both sexy and amusing.
This is basically his story.
Not that it matters.
I really really really want to watch the rest of the movie.
It WILL please you.
Which is FINE by me.
Last thing I have got to say.
One last thing this is a better attempt than the last two American Pies.
The friendship they form reminded me a lot of Laurel and Hardy.
But make no mistake.
He imprints one of the most memorable and despicably likable characters of the decade.
It is constantly entertaining.
Anyway enough about the Naked Mile.
There are weak points though.
You really can not care less about him.
This feels like really OLD SCHOOL.
So ignore the haters and give this a run and see what you think.
i just watched the movie i was afraid it is gonna disappoint me.
i was rather surprised at the end though.
The American pie franchise is still in my favorite franchise movies of all times.
it is not gonna become a classic as the first two already did.
This movie is plain fun.
We had a few beers and we had fun.
The entire cast does fine work.
I predict good things for him.
There is a certain genius behind this movie.
I was laughing throughout.
This film is fantastic.
Drew Barrymore was excellent in this film.
This role is the type of role you do not normally see Drew play.
Her typical role is as a woman looking for love.
The storyline is also great.
She moves in with a guy who becomes her lover.
It is then revealed to her lover that she has Multiple Personality Disorder.
The FBI agent was a terrible actor.
Drew Barrymore is very hot.
The weird gummy worm was just weird.
Nathan was a very handsome cat.
But what was that scene where Patrick followed Holly into a cesspool and Mr.
The film is splendidly acted by some of the best Romanian actors.
She makes it shine.
This is just as good as the original 101 if not better.
We see a lot more of her this time round.
To use Paris as the climax of the movie was a clever idea.
This is also funnier than the last film.
After three years in Dr.
Her clothing alone deserves at least an Oscar nomination.
Then you will have a good time.
Greetings again from the darkness.
That Bond guy is gone.
The only thing serious about this movie is the humor.
Well worth the rental price.
I will bet you watch it twice.
This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.
Love the characters and the story line.
Very funny with plenty of action.
I enjoyed the dynamic and comical interaction of Griffith and Career.
I highly recommend this movie.
you will love this movie.
Here is perhaps one of the finest.
He is convicted and sentenced to hang.
Excellent viewing and recommended to all.
must remain in a military jail.
The plot is familiar.
The familiar plot is elevated by neat thrilling sequences and terrific performances.
The film has a sense of relief at the end.
Carla finally gets laid.
Her boss is forced out for being a jerk.
Club Owner is a pulpy mess in his own bathroom.
This was a pretty decent movie.
This movie is good to just sit down and watch and be entertained.
Just a typical Hollywood film.
Disappointing on the whole despite some very good scenes.
so the Sentinel does a solid job given it is content.
Worth a viewing if you like the genre.
also another person trying to shrug off their TV role but failed.
Overall Sentinel is a good film and i would recommend it.
I thought that The sentinel was going to be a mediocre movie.
This movie reminded me TV series like 24 or Alias.
I enjoyed this film.
Douglas does a fine job in this role.
which is what movies are all about.
Surprises throughout delighting throughout.
I never did get who he was or what his issues were.
The film was exciting and fun throughout and always left me guessing.
Very much worth seeing.
The ending is amazing in both its irony and its technical complexity.
There was some hesitation from my part about what this movie had to offer.
There is nothing wrong with the casting.
She carries herself with enough grace and sex appeal to make the part memorable.
Michael Douglas has been and done that before.
Leave your expectations outside and enjoy the ride for whatever it might be.
Boat crashing into his balcony served him right.
1942 costume designer did great job.
Main song theme just lovely.
Thank goodness the public had these fantastic plot line movies to attend.
Jeanette dancing was a pure delight.
And especially this one.
Horton and Reginald Owen.
The movie is a fantasy.
Movies are designed to serve various purposes.
This one is designed to entertain and it certainly does.
Some of the closeups made me uncomfortable.
But he could still sing and sing magnificently.
She makes a spectacular angel.
The music in this movie is beautiful.
She could do it all.
He should be a star.
My only complaint is with one aspect of the screenplay.
That is a baffling thing to say.
There was no politics at all in this movie.
Their both being rejected by the society reunites them progressively.
I very much enjoyed watching this film.
I taped it while watching so that i could review it later.
I thought the way this story evolved was very thought provoking.
I completely disagree with the other comments posted on this movie.
The movie was very sad and touching as well.
It was tragically sad but enlightening.
It sure beat the other shows that were on TV New Years Day evening.
I really enjoyed it.
And how they save her in the process as well.
What if a platoon of G.
Not as silly as one would imagine.
The rest of the movie follows the premise to a T.
Undoubtedly it is the main order of the day.
The songs themselves are pretty lame and corny and detract from the whole thing.
machine gun that ultimately yields some interesting results.
This is certainly one of his better vehicles from his terrific CV.
But I did really like the concept.
Samurai is so unique.
The background story is less important.
I will not bother repeating what others have said.
What the filmmakers do with the concept is unexpected and fun.
The huge battle is exhausting.
You have been warned but the story and storytelling keeps you grounded.
There are several outstanding moments that make you appreciate the talent behind the camera.
I really wish I could erase the music but alas.
Excellent episode movie ala Pulp Fiction.
This movie is a perfect example of his work.
They are not necessarily connected but yet together they still tell a story.
It helps to make this movie an effective one to watch.
It makes you think which is sometimes more important than pure entertainment.
It consist of a series of scenes depicting the many facets of death.
The film is a metaphor over life.
It shows how fragile life is and how short our lives are.
This is a most realistic film.
This is no exploitation movie.
At first glance it may seem very dark.
Carla is a secretary who is essentially deaf without her hearing aids.
There is also some unpleasant violence.
It is him who takes financial profits from lustful liaisons.
Nicolas Mallet is a failure.
Our hero tells his boss he is quitting.
And he manages to do just that.
Romy Schneider is at her most appealing.
Definitely worth a look.
Early and Adele meet Brian and Carrie at the bus stop and leave town.
Their journey is a very learning one.
never mind that he leaves someone dead here and there to do it though.
7 out of 10.
The acting by all involved was quite good but Brad stole the movie.
The atmosphere was perfect in all respects.
All good words to describe this movie.
I was totally engrossed in this film from the first to last minute.
Early Grace is a simpleton with a taste for dry toothbrushes and carnage.
One of my all time favorites.
Everything about that I think is just so perfect.
This movie was not one of them.
This Was One Scary Movie.
Brad Pitt Deserved an Oscar for this.
This proves very good writing and acting.
Some of her moments in this film brought me to tears.
I do believe that everyone should see this movie though.
There are two things which really give this movie its power.
The first is its cast.
We have a staggeringly disturbing turn by a young Brad Pitt as Early Grace.
This film is disturbing on more than one level.
But he and Forbes are flat broke.
Pitt is the walking definition of an inbred Gothic refugee from Deliverance.
A journey on the darkest road ever.
The road of no return.
But the couple that answers it is not just ANY couple.
It is one of the strangest couples ever.
The man is exactly the opposite.
A cruel ruthless murderer.
On the whole this is a really good movie.
I do like Juliette Lewis although I'm indifferent to Brad Pitt.
Michelle Forbes was a treat.
I enjoyed this film almost unreservedly.
Ironically a serial killer and his girlfriend answer the post.
Great performances all around by the leads with Pitt in particular being exceptional.
Brad Pitt is incredible as Early Grayce.
His performance in this movie may well be his best ever.
The same for Juliette Lewis.
Brad Pitt makes an everlasting impression as Early Grayce.
Early is possibly drunk.
Pitt is fierce in this film.
but that is the only flaw i could find in this cult classic.
Maybe it really does and I just do not understand it.
but that is the only flaw i could find in this cult classic.
But my choice for best performance goes to Juliette Lewis.
A man hears his wife sing for the first time.
Together they help each other to develop as people.
One is when Carla is babysitting and is trying to comfort a screaming baby.
I have enjoyed Criminal Intent series of Law and Order for a long time.
See her other side in this movie.
I liked this a lot.
You just get into it.
Frank and Tony form an unlikely friendship behind bars.
A really nifty and entertaining little winner.
The other movies you want to watch can wait.
Prepare to experience life from the perspective of the hearing impaired.
His skills as a thief help Carla win a political battle in the office.
Funny and visually quite entertaining ending.
Pretty good indeed for what these two could offer.
Kennedy was unconscious and Taker drove him out of the arena to win.
This was an okay match.
Nothing about wrestling here.
This was about the visuals.
This was total carnage.
The spots were amazing.
His eye is shut quickly and is busted open hard way.
I'm sure the replay value will be good though.
Mercury has suffered a shattered nose and lacerations to the eye.
He is at the hospital now.
No way anything else here will top that.
This was a strong match.
This was a good match.
He ranted to the crowd.
Learn to appreciate this or get out.
Not too much here.
The spot was fine.
Kennedy needed this win.
They both worker hard.
Undertaker should have lost.
Creative screwed up again.
A stupid diva thing is next.
At least Torrie was not here.
Consider this your bathroom break.
This was also a nothing match.
Finlay and Batista v.
Batista and Booker can not work well together.
The finish was botched.
Not main event caliber at all.
A few others were solid.
In the end London and Kendrick retained the titles.
The action was shoddy and no one cared who Batista picked for his partner.
The Undertaker defeated Mr Kennedy in a last ride match.
This has to be seen to be believed.
There were many high spots and many more brutal bumps and awkward landings.
This is not for the faint of heart.
The night opened with only the 4th ever Inferno match.
In other notable happening from the card.
Benoit was also considering whether to put Vikki Guerrero in the sharpshooter or not.
Luckily he came to his senses and let her go.
The last match of the night was main event number 3.
even if only for a few minutes.
They even save each other when one of them is in danger of life.
The three are guilty to return to their usual fights and rivalries.
I found it fun to watch.
The music heard here is deliciously wonderful.
The second part melodies are thrilling and they perfectly fit with the action.
The concept itself is brilliant.
Both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs.
The visuals are exceptional.
This is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing.
I do not know.
There are some really priceless moments in this episode.
The murder is more or less an accident and was an impulsive act.
I liked the story of the movie and how it progressed.
It also helps the movie that it has such a fine cast.
He even played the murderer in a couple of those movies as well again.
Directed with flair by Bernard L.
Simon is dead but somehow resurrects from outside.
The kind of film that you know Hollywood would have botched up.
The beginning is like a bizarre surrealist horror movie.
This is one of the reasons why this film can easily be grasped.
I used to love watching this.
I had no idea it was part of a larger series.
I must have been 6 or so at the time it was on TV.
My parents had taped this off of TV when it originally aired on NBC.
To this day I still catch myself quoting it.
Compared to other satirical broadcasts it was definitely the best of all.
Is it possible to purchase it from someone.
I saw her again in Eating Raoul.
I maybe biased about this movie.
9 out of 10.
But a lot of the comedy is just beneath the surface.
Saw this movie on its release and have treasured it since.
It simply amazed me and my friends.
How the heck he accomplished this is beyond my understanding.
It falters at the end as the story twists get a little bit extreme.
Sword boy is on the planet for a reason.
Lots of dark street fights with guys unexpectedly getting filleted creatively.
slick worth a watch.
It is definitely more of a drama rather than an action movie.
Sasha becomes an outlaw.
Everything happens very slowly.
But the director does not want to impress us with flashy and showy action.
So basically you need to be very patient in order to watch it.
A woman borough a boy to this world and was alone.
First he kills his constantly drunk stepfather who hurts his mom every time.
Then he grows up and decides to find his real father.
Everything else is to be watched.
Suffice to say I was expecting something entirely different from what I got.
But it was a happy surprise.
There is a lot of crap coming out of Hollywood lately.
It is sad and poetic at the same time.
This is a lot like an Asian film with a dark Russian twist.
It becomes secondary to the emotion of the story.
Acting is top notch all around.
This essentially is where Sasha is when we meet him.
I really like this movie.
Worth checking out if you can find it.
but that is not the interesting part of this film.
This is where the vengeance and anger comes into play.
This is not to say that action is not shown.
This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into the genre.
And suddenly he meets her.
She loves him for what he is.
They try to run but it is hart to hide.
Finally they have a serious car accident.
He surmounts a lot of obstacles but finally finds her.
Kinda got the feeling of an Asian fantasy film.
And it is still worth watching.
I remember this show from Swedish television.
I was only 7 years of age and it scared me beyond belief.
I never ever thought of the fact that this might have happened.
He was a nice bloke.
This movie is full of references.
This movie is a masterpiece.
I thought this was a quiet good movie.
It was fun to watch it.
This movie blew me away.
Also when you go stay in your seat until the end of the credits.
it is the best part of the movie.
I was amazed at the improvements made in an animated film.
and that is only to mention the technical aspects.
But backgrounds were superb and animation was breathtaking.
This is the best animation by Disney since Aladdin.
Just go and enjoy.
The animation that was put into this paid off.
We are still quoting little anecdotes from it here and there.
Disney would heartily approve of this new film.
I'm eager to see it again.
to pick up what I might have missed the first time.
Bugs life is a good film.
I saw it years ago.
Ant Island is the home of a colony of ants.
He gets banished and he must find bigger bugs to fix the mess.
The voice acting is good as with most animation movies.
The music is nice to listen to.
This is a good movie for all families.
She is also deaf.
Many of the American people would say.
The great difference is the way that the story takes.
There is a lot about finding strength from within to conquer all odds here.
Even the villain Hopper is fully fleshed and menacing for the right reasons.
All the bugs are finely crafted too.
It is also in the city that we see the workmanship on the environments.
Bug City contains plenty of garbage doubling as buildings and clubs.
I dare you to think of someone better.
The important thing is that it is still wonderful fun.
The movie was totally Awesome and Cool.
The circus bugs are colorful and they are superb in the movie.
The grasshoppers were also superb and cool in the movie.
Hopper was a pure and perfect villain.
Building an artificial bird was a good idea to scare away the grasshoppers.
But the difference in quality is distinct and obvious.
The voice overs are what make this movie.
Dave Foley is an earnest ant that gets himself into trouble a lot.
This is a FUNNY film.
Many skeptics have seen this film on my recommendation and not been disappointed.
I watched this film not expecting much and not knowing anything much about it.
Check this one out.
So maybe I'm nuts and just really good at hiding it.
They are both thrown in prison and one of them signs a confession.
Bill Pullman plays the lawyer who tries to get them out.
A 7 out of 10.
The Philippines substitute for Thailand and nobody actually goes to Hong Kong.
Word has it that if you have the money he can help you.
Paul Walker even has a small uncredited role here.
In real the Thai people are very kind.
The film also has a brilliant soundtrack.
7 out of 10.
Mysterious movie with a good mark overall.
I felt like they lacked that bond that best friends are supposed to have.
Talk about lack of closure.
This movie just pulls you so deeply into the two main characters.
Two lost ships from two different worlds collide.
The whole escape attempt was bogus fantasy.
Bill Pullman was miscast as the lawyer.
This movie is no different.
As always Pullman delivers with an excellent performance and ties the movie together beautifully.
This is a great film to watch with your best girlfriend.
I watched this movie 11 years ago in company with my best female friend.
I ended up liking it big time.
The acting is on it is prime level.
Bill Pullman is also great and demonstrates his histrionic qualities.
Plus it shows the difficult times at Thailand.
This is an underrated movie.
Not many films like this one have come up in recent history.
It should make you reflex about many things.
It was awful in two respects.
5 and say it is definitely worth a look.
I was immediately drawn by the storyline and cared about the girls involved.
They are used as sacrificial mules in a heroin smuggling ring.
I really enjoyed this movie and would recommend it.
They were convicted and sentenced to thirty three years in prison.
I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this film.
We all have friends.
You can see that from the beginning.
The rest of the film is about survival and not giving up hope.
But first I want to say what is good about the film.
But sometimes that fun can get her into trouble.
Bill Pullman is adequate as the American lawyer living in Thailand.
The film is photographed very well also.
It heightens and compliments the mood of the film to perfection.
7 out of 10.
This is a particularly well acted and beautifully shot film.
It is very emotional and raw.
Well worth watching and certainly stays in your memory.
Now it is time for ultimate survival and true friendship.
They soon find themselves placing faith into a system they know nothing about.
This movie was simply too short to do this.
The mental journey is missing here for some reason.
Sometimes I felt these girls were walking around in a postcard.
The relationship with the family members could also have used a bit more attention.
I saw this film at a store in the cheap section.
I actually vividly remembered seeing the commercials and trailer for it years ago.
The film follows what will happen to them and at times questions their innocence.
It could have been longer.
What surprised me was how well the boxing matches were brought to the screen.
Sullivan as the ultimate highlight.
Errol Flynn does a great job portraying the real life famous boxer James J.
Corbett aka Gentleman Jim.
The movie also features some fine supporting actors and some fine acting throughout.
A great and entertaining movie that also still truly holds up real well today.
Flynn is so taken with Ms.
Director Walsh makes the silliness look smooth and extravagant.
Excellent Warner Bros effort starring Errol Flynn in one of his best screen performances.
The pair are head over heels in love with fighting with each other.
Just to mention one more thing about Gentleman Jim.
He would go on to a great career as action director himself.
Its a classic that could be easily missed.
He defeated John L.
Of course that was not shown on the screen.
One thing though that I did like about Gentleman Jim.
Ward Bond got the career role of his life in playing John L.
and the best thing about Gentleman Jim.
Of course when Corbett was champion he refused to give Jackson a title shot.
This intelligent and exciting movie supports that argument.
Here the idea is treated literally.
This is one of the greatest sports movies ever made by Hollywood.
What a wonderful story about one of the great sports figures of American history.
What makes the story of James J.
Corbett especially interesting is that Mr.
Corbett introduced the style of boxing that continues to this day.
In that respect James J.
Corbett was truly innovated.
Alexis Smith was beautiful.
That coupled with a great script makes this movie a must.
But always delightfully so.
This is truly one of the best scenes in any sports move ever made.
That is a much more realistic boxing movie.
Gentleman Jim not really a boxing film.
It is a vehicle for Errol Flynn as Jim Corbett.
Flynn is well suited to the role of suave but unpredictable Corbett.
The theme of the film is a man pushing for his big chance.
Corbett leaves his mundane life behind and builds a new persona as Gentleman Jim.
Jim is a chancer who can adapt to any social environment.
He is a liar and an egotist.
And Errol Flynn gets the girl.
Amusing support is provided by a young and ebullient Carson.
The whole thing is beautifully appointed and securely directed.
A few of the sets are amazingly presented.
There are a large number of his films that would support this hypothesis.
Director Walsh also used a number of Pro Wrestlers in roles of various Boxers.
Raoul Walsh was a Griffith Veteran Player.
The films is attractive and has a consistent style without being flashy.
This film enhanced my opinion of Errol Flynn.
very well worth the time to watch it.
Then it goes from a good film to a great one.
You can just sense how much fun he was having here.
If you like original gut wrenching laughter you will like this movie.
As close to black and white without being black and white.
The acting was subtle but very funny.
This is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.
The best training ever.
Greater distances seem to decrease the magnitude of the disaster.
This film in eleven separate pieces accurately portrays this dismal and dumb posture.
11 directors from different countries with different results.
This is how Carla and Paul meet.
The constant role reversal creates the tone of the unknown.
That use of sound and scene was brilliant.
This Academy Award winning short film can rank among the greatest of the genre.
The fish apparently knows something is going on and becomes very excited.
It is rich and makes a beautiful artistic act from these 11 short films.
The weakest point comes from Y.
I am still not sure what A.
I still do not know if S.
This is a very interesting project which could have been quite brilliant.
It will bring back your emotions from that day.
A patchwork about 911.
and he combines this with flashes of people jumping from the towers.
A very hard clip to watch and one that you will not forget.
The clip fails to capture any of the drama of such a situation.
The aftermath of this disaster is previewed from many different countries and perspectives.
I believe that this film should be more widely distributed for this point.
Probably the best film of the year for me.
Paul does nothing to dispel her feelings because he needs her help.
I can not remember when I have witnessed such sexual chemistry between two actors.
He makes a somewhat unappealing character both appealing and attractive.
This is one of the best effort you will see in any Film.
Films like this are rarely made and appreciated.
Definitely worth every penny you spend.
I saw this series when it world premiered at the Toronto Film Festival.
The piece that i found the best was the one from India.
If you can be strong you really should see this film.
It will comfort you and enlighten you and affect you.
Well just see it.
Maybe the less tender movie towards the us.
Not a very good plot.
My vote is seven.
would rather wreak revenge than make the world a safer place.
The film segments vary widely in content and quality.
Two allude to U.
Ironies abound in several stories.
There are poignant moments dotted throughout.
This is comprehensible tragedy on a grand scale for the 6 year olds.
This movie is really not all that bad.
In French with easy to read subtitles and good translation.
I watched the movie while recovering from major surgery.
My world is really too cynical.
We were not expecting a movie as full of win as this one was.
Soft transit from nonsense mystery to narrative logic.
A must see for reassuring our belief in young cinema outside the States.
Are one not allowed to drink the morning coffee by one self.
A woman enters a small caf.
I was so glad I came across this short film.
The result is extremely entertaining and the song is actually really catchy.
And the last shot of the film is perfect.
I highly recommend this film.
You sit and wonder how you should feel after watching this 8 min.
Not many people can do that in just 8 minutes.
It starts off simple enough.
A young women comes in for breakfast at her usual place.
She sits down and someone starts singing.
Watch this when you can.
A choice treat all the way around.
Really worth watching it.
NOW BE A GOOD SPORT AND TELL US AT WHICH INSTITUTION YOU GREW UP.
OF COURSE THERE'S PROBABLY AN EXPLANATION.
This movie did not ring true for me.
WE SHOULD ALL HEED TO YOUR COMPETENT AND PRAISEWORTHY OPINION.
I enjoyed the film with some reservations.
The subtitles for one thing were difficult.
The annoying thing is that it works effectively on both levels.
It is what gentlemen refer to as classic cinema.
But jeans can not be bought nor certain drugs which are illegal to possess.
A great movie worth seeing again and again.
People in the west cant imagine how political situation in our country affect people.
Movies like this make freedom feel more important.
This movie will get you thinking.
And thwarted by a male hierarchy that will exploit but not reward her.
A quirky friendship starts.
Carla is virtually deaf without her hearing aid.
With it she hears almost normally.
From there a caper develops.
Paul and Carla are a true criminal oddball couple.
She wants love but will also accept money.
But even a seasoned CEO would have difficulty managing these crises.
This is a thoroughly diabolical tale of just how bad things can go wrong.
Pick up some serious change.
Insurance pays for it all.
His flat belly days long gone.
Every detail is perfect.
The acting is superb.
The plot has no holes.
Hoffman of course is excellent.
May we all do half so well.
We can guess and guess.
Perhaps his fate fell onto the cutting room floor.
What happens to Hank is not going to be good.
The Direction by Mr.
You will be greatly rewarded for the time invested in this film.
The best word I could come up to describe it with is insane.
The story is very well crafted and almost brilliant.
It was all great.
This movie kept me interested and absorbed beginning to end.
Nothing resonates on a deeper level.
And maybe that is enough.
It jumps back and forth without being confusing.
Beyond these principals the acting is unremarkable.
The story is compelling and is told with a certain degree of verve.
Nanette reacts and kills Bobby but she is also lethally shot.
The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed an evil place.
My vote is seven.
Amy Ryan also performs her job adequately.
A truly underrated gem.
Should just enter my Top 250 at 248.
The performances are brilliant.
His performance in here is great.
We need more movies like this.
I certainly was not sorry.
This film is the perfect combination of sharp directing and superior acting.
He has always been too quick to criticize and admonish.
His life is beginning to crumble and he needs money.
The main reason for that is because it was compared to a Hitchcock movie.
Fact is that the man has done a really good job with this movie.
Also worth noticing is the acting in this movie.
I love how the dynamics between the three of them play out.
Great performances all around.
But of course you do not need me to tell you that.
The only victim is going to be the insurance company.
The robbery goes awry and two people die.
Most of the film is concerned with the aftermath.
Some great films were produced that way as well as some classic turkeys.
The roster of comedic dynamite.
Singleton shows how life in University can be.
The end was great.
In this little film we have some great characters but a very shallow plot.
This makes the viewer forget the nonexistent realism that this movie supposedly is for.
Four stars out of five for me.
Generic to the highest degree.
She whined and whined and whined.
This was a great movie that had a lot of under lying issues.
What others think of you is not important.
I believe this movie did a wonderful job of showing it.
The actors I think were able to convey each character wonderfully.
I just thought it was amazing how deep this movie really was.
This movie came and went in the theaters.
Later on they end up having to deal with some skinheads on campus.
I enjoyed this movie very much.
When deja gets shot he shows true emotion.
This story was probably one of the most powerful I have ever taken in.
John Singleton certainly went above and beyond when putting together this educational masterpiece.
This is an easy movie to watch again and again and enjoy.
Paul learns quickly and becomes an able worker.
Everyone needs a feeling of belonging.
Racism certainly existed in one of those schools I attended.
I can only hope and pray that nothing like that ever will happen.
The race thing where the ethnicities just hang around with their own DOES happen.
They took him in.
Although their constant harassment by police seemed to justify some of their anger.
This movie shows that blacks can be equally ignorant and racist.
But they are not as flat.
We see relationships all over at the university setting for the film.
This film showed the injustices and suffering of both sides.
The film also discusses sex and rape.
Sometimes you have to look back to go forward.
We need to remember the past.
The past is part of the future.
Great mix Gary J.
I see a great future.
But that is my opinion.
I went to school with guys who came back.
Some had changed more than others and some not so much.
Live through it and then make comments.
I agree with the black family.
The scenes with them seemed out of place.
I found it very entertaining and worth my while to watch.
But we do not only see them.
I love the movie.
It brought me back to the best time of my life.
I will always miss it.
what a shame it only appeared on TV not in cinemas.
I can not remember what scene was playing.
The words in the song are of a ballad.
However the movie greatly exceeded my very low expectations.
It is so much more than just a representation of a century.
Those two new freedoms began social changes that soon became institutionalized.
and slowly they became effected by the efforts and struggles of the minorities.
They were confused too.
Roles were constantly changing.
The movie depicts three siblings of a middle class family.
for the sake of peace.
The Black family comprises a minister and his son.
Put that in your oxymoron list.
It was a time of magic and madness.
This was one of the best movies I have seen.
The movie relates to real life and how drugs CAN play a major part.
Some may not like the story and say the script is lacking direction.
Most of the cast are newcomers to the industry.
Everyone seemed to do their job well and get into character appropriately.
This movie might just scare them enough to change their ways.
Inside the meteor is the blob.
The meteor cracks open and a slimy bunch of goop clings to the stick.
Steve and Jane pick the guy up and take him to see Dr.
Police Chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket.
Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the store.
Steve and Jane wind up at a lunch counter that the blob attacks.
The authorities collect every fire extinguisher in town and manage to freeze the blob.
The Pentagon sends down a team to transport the blob to the North Pole.
Sure it is a camp classic.
They never would have imagined 52 years ago that the Arctic would be thawing.
The Blob will soon return.
Catch the redoubtable Mrs.
Going out on a date with his girl is rather typical for all teens.
Over and over and over.
The rain is in the flat roof and tonight soft is again soft.
The Blob was scary looking.
I also liked the old man in the beginning.
Pages could be written on its influence on horror films even today.
Human contact with this slime ball burns through flesh like acid.
It also absorbs human bodies making it grow bigger.
A must see for any fan of action.
I'm not familiar with any of the other stars.
The movie has been faulted for amateurish acting and weak special effects.
It just can not be done.
This is my favorite classic.
I have always enjoyed checking out the different places where scenes were filmed.
I remember my whole family going out to watch the filming.
I also would like to share that my mother was in the movie.
They are undeniably clever.
Absolutely the very first film that scared me to death.
and once it got hold of you it was too late.
My vote is seven.
I saw the original on TV and was scared pretty bad.
I was convinced that that thing was moving on its own accord.
I only knew that I was extremely frightened about going to see this film.
It took months to recover.
I'm 57 years old now .
I have made it.
Would that we all had stayed that way.
blob attached to his arm.
This movie is wonderful.
And the memory of seeing it has probably stayed with you.
The menace grows continually throughout the story.
Everyone I knew saw it.
Everyone I knew loved it.
It is definitely very much a masterpiece in it is own way.
Louis sleeps with a large knife under his pillow with rifles nearby.
Maybe I would dozed.
The actual doctors are his tools.
I'm navigating perilously the thread of what I remember.
The film is not visually stunning in the conventional sense.
Instead it is a visually interesting film.
This sort of thing is easy to try but hard to succeed at.
Instead the film touches on and moves through a number of different genres.
The trick to loving the film is being able to enjoy this playfulness.
you will waste your time.
There are none of these.
The film only feints towards these genres and others at times.
Most film is not art.
It dominates too much.
Perhaps watching again will change that.
He needs one and goes after it.
He has a heart transplanted and afterwards decides to start a new life.
She may even punish him.
Time passing is indicated by the seasons changing and scars being created and healing.
There are lots of images of water for cleansing and for distancing.
The unconventional narrative does raise a lot of plot questions on details.
Miss it at your peril.
Good movie with a good message.
You need to read the book to fully understand these things.
They drive their cabs and are also desperate for love.
As well as some nice drama.
The film has a great cast.
Simply amazing and again something ONLY Hong Kong cinema can deliver.
This movie opened my eyes to their bravado and courage.
What sacrifices they made to live life on their own terms.
Both sisters are quite different from each other.
A number of contributors have mentioned the age difference between Stewart and Novak.
She was 25 and he was 50 when this movie was released.
The movie has a lot of good things about it.
The cast is very solid.
I enjoyed the movie and its cast.
this is an honest attempt to make a bewitchingly sweet love story.
the comparisons are obvious.
this is starting to sound familiar.
Kim alone makes it a winner in my Book.
Terrific on every level and one of the best martial arts movies ever made.
Kim Novak belongs to a coven of witches in Manhattan.
The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to these.
But never mind all that.
Her eyebrows seem drawn with a set of plastic French curves.
And Jimmy Stewart is quite good as the bewildered and bewitched victim.
But it is never dull.
She decides to tell him her secret.
Just do not go into the movie expecting the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Kim Novak and James Stewart do their best and have some real chemistry.
Novak has lost none of her silky allure in nearly half a century.
She completely dominates the amiable Mr J.
Stewart who seems resigned to handing her the movie.
Kovacs whose peculiar talents are strictly proscribed.
Some of the more hardcore beats reinvented themselves as hippies a few years later.
And so it proved to be.
Perfect for this bit of comedy.
The Greta Garbo of my youth.
I have seen this movie.
Dowry in marriages is the major problem nowadays.
In stating this problem this movie is the best.
There is less population of girls.
We have to learn from this movie that the dowry should not be taken.
This is the major change in the society.
but the look of this movie is amazing.
it all creates a really consistent world.
They do not have time for silly things such as love.
This introduces the original Samantha and Darrin.
All the characters of note are present and accounted for.
This movie gets a 9.
Stewart is again bewitched and for awhile tormented by his love for her.
The cast is terrific.
The scene with Stewart drinking the potion is comedy at it is best.
The movie is loads of fun.
I have no idea why some people think that the acting was not good.
He acted well and adjusted to being the nice good looking young rich kid.
Although she has been in another movies she is most memorable in this one.
I think this movie will and should do wonders for her.
I have never ever done that.
I miss those times where families sat down and had fun.
This is what this movie will remind all of us of.
A potter wakes up and waters his plant.
Then he goes about making a pot.
Everything else is clay.
The movie is obvious but it avoids being totally manipulative for its simplicity.
The poor puppet hero is condemned despite a lack of political agenda.
What I most remembered was the feeling of oppression in the decor.
The invasion by the hand is a complete violation of that world.
Beautiful and haunting film.
That was obviously not acceptable.
An amazing example of an artists civil disobedience and the impact it can have.
What surprised me was the stunning performance of Doris Day.
The radio show was a super propaganda radio program.
But this is an excellent example propaganda.
She goes with him and it is love at first sight.
The character was a butcher now soldier .
This was a subtle put down against meat eating.
We shoot one of the pilots so Herbert takes over.
We shoot his plane.
Unfortunately for us they survive.
More bombs come in from us.
We end up injuring him.
It was mainly a war romantic movie.
After the war many of them who survive would regret it.
This is a good swastika classic.
Be careful most of the time it is the direct hate only classics.
Sorry that is my own little rant.
Love and joint family that loving and great.
This movie rejuvenates the values that we forgot.
Sweet film of the year.
Great music and lyrics.
Great work by all the cast the crew and everybody.
I give it 10 out of 10.
I just wonder how that came to be made.
The truth of the matter is not really exposed in this film.
Recommended mostly for the music and the two fantastic bands.
Great to see rock docs still being made.
A cool doc about the creative process.
A good experience Anton is this film.
8 out of 10.
com and being intrigued by the premise.
Most of what you see is of the bands on tour.
I would basically recommend this for ANYONE who likes film in general.
And jettisoning all credibility in the process.
They are the most dysfunctional band.
During gigs they will fight and bash each other.
Anton is very unstable.
But they found huge success in Europe.
But Courtney keeps being sucked back into the world of Anton.
Its interesting that both Anton and Courtney both had what the other needed.
You wont be disappointed.
The music and careers of the two bands are simply backdrop.
The Dandies do not come off well in their comments.
Make a lot of great music.
You can download all his work at his website.
He could be making a mint.
Most of the extras are on disc two.
If you are a music fan or documentary fan this is a must see.
A really cool flick.
A must for any music snob.
You do not really have to know about the bands to enjoy the movie.
The only thing is required is an open mind.
Just watch this film and enjoy.
I have seen this movie on several different occasions.
They are really in for a surprise when they see this film.
These are the people who really enjoy the film.
It will flat out tell you in the beginning the definition of campy.
It should have also given the adjective meaning of cheese.
You will see some decent actors and then find others really terrible.
Her air time in the film was pretty short though.
The Supporting cast are too good.
Songs were too suiting the scenes and going along well with the movie.
The situation of tragedy was artificially created.
But I kept waiting for the punch and it never came.
These kinds of things DO happen.
Really sorry but the reality of the WORLD is that they DO happen.
I highly recommend this movie.
Fortunately there are a few funny scenes from time to time.
Mainly because of my feelings at the end.
I and all the people around me were simply touched.
This is something you do not often feel .
The chemistry between the two also lifts the movie.
A beautiful and funny movie that I would recommend to anyone.
do not let the subject matter put you off.
And it is still not at the top of my list.
But the overall effect is commendable and rewarding.
The Theory of Flight grabbed me and held my interest.
Helena Bonham Carter is the center of this movie.
The movie itself was good not exceptional.
If you are a Helena Bonham Carter fan it is worth seeing.
I saw this film without to know what about were.
This movie truly captures the feeling of freedom.
and what the freedom of your own integrity is worth.
The story mirrors life.
It is one of my all time favorites.
not easy to find but worth the hunt.
Family and friends feel the same way about it.
This movie is really romantic and dramatic at the same time.
This movie is their best right now.
the setting of the movie was beautiful which also is a huge attraction.
This movie is must see.
Richard is an artist that daydreams of human flight.
He builds an airplane in his garage and intends to fly it.
I found this flick ambitious and humorous.
She is a young woman suffering from A.
Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching the film.
She makes a wonderful Jane.
I was in absolute awe of this beautiful lady.
She pulled it of flawlessly.
I forgot to mention how dynamically beautiful Miss Carter looked in this movie.
Thank you for letting me express my opinion.
I never heard of this film before.
The story is well written and it is very intelligent.
The characters were believable and you really connected with them.
The subject is done with compassion as well as humor.
One comes to care deeply for the two of them.
everything is fantastic about it.
I would love to have this on video.
It only was shown on t.
I could watch it all over again.
Some have declared this movie to be classic American hokey.
It is that and more.
Even the music is chosen so that the words fit the action every time.
I saw that movie few days ago.
i think it was an amazing movie.
This film caught me by surprise.
This film has it all.
A melancholy violin tune fades with this image.
Until he sees the dot of light streaking across the October sky.
Then he wants to build a rocket.
The book on guided missile design that Miss Riley gives Homer is red.
The reds are fleeting hints of a world that Homer only dreams of.
He pulls of every scene with sheer class.
The acting in this movie was superb.
It is a story that shows real world success through hard work and determination.
Actually these two works shot from two different cultures provide interesting comparison.
I loved October Sky.
The thing I loved most had to be the music.
This is done by playing songs from the late Fifties.
The music now fits the mood of the film perfectly.
The Rocket Boys went on to make great lives for themselves.
I went on to get my degrees in Physics and Computer Engineering.
had on the U.
in those Cold War days.
who will thank you many times.
I can honestly say I never expected this movie to be good.
I do not like family films.
And the music was very boring and bland.
So a few plus points.
I finally saw the movie and I was very impressed.
The director also made character that you could relate to.
The casting adds to its perfection.
Not one actor feels out of place.
The songs were quite disappointing but they will sound better after watching them.
It is the epitome of an American story that is well done.
He is a perfect actor.
Even the rest of the performances are extremely well.
The background score was fine.
One of those movies which definitely inspires you for all of your life.
An amazing inspiring movie along with loads of entertainment.
Not to be missed.
They were shocked to say the least.
The title summed up everything in the movie since the movie revolves around Sputnik.
I just accidentally stumbled over this film on TV one day.
He and his friends begin to build rockets.
The story is well written.
The story is good.
The characters are really good.
You get to know these characters and you get sympathy for them.
They are well written and believable.
This is a good looking movie.
This all sets the mood of the film very good.
The acting is really good.
As for the rest of the cast they are good too.
All together this makes out a pretty strong cast.
All in all I'm glad I caught this movie.
October Sky is a good and interesting movie.
I figured I would see the movies that I missed.
I even shed a tear at the finale of this wonderful tale.
This movie appeals to all ages.
He is next shown reading or dictating a letter to Dr.
Von Braun offering condolences about the failure.
Von Braun was at Marshall space flight center in Huntsville working for the Army.
Here too the film is effective and it should make some parents think.
Remarkable restraint is shown in depicting their delicate relationship.
Perfectly played all around.
You will never look at the October sky quite the same again.
Homer is not exited about that future.
The performances in this movie are absolutely riveting from start to finish.
The characters are also extremely well developed.
But that is just a minor complaint.
As the story goes this is a story from engagement to marriage.
A movie you can watch with your entire family around you.
A movie you will hate watching alone.
I would like to have a little less tension between the two.
That tag line is true.
Dress was accurate and they had their slang down too.
And nothing can match the scene when Homer sees Sputnik for the first time.
Yet what makes the film so endearing is the relationship between the characters.
but he has a soft side as well.
The love and support of Miss Riley is evident as well.
This film can be considered a complete work.
that is what a good film does to a person.
Every time you see it is so suspenseful.
This is about a new kid in town named Billy.
Billy has to eat 10 worms in one day or the bully wins.
The kid actors over exaggerate on many things.
They think it is apocalypse if Billy does not eat the worms.
I was able to watch this movie without looking at the time.
The film is just the sweetest thing you will see ever.
Saw this today with my 8 year old.
I thought it was cute.
All of the kids are pretty good and all in all pretty entertaining.
Hilarity ensues with a bunch of different way to cook the worms.
I really liked the movie.
it is a weekend i have been watched this funny film.
and i really like it.
nice acting as well.
simple story but cool shooting.
Further complicating things is Joe the bully.
His freckled face and sleeveless shirts are daunting.
But Fried Worms is wonderfully disgusting.
To raise the stakes the worms must be consumed by 7 pm.
International leaders can learn a thing or two about global peacekeeping from Fried Worms.
I sat with my children as we watched this film.
We all found it to be a very entertaining movie.
I wont tell you if he wins the bet or not.
This was refreshing for me.
But it sure took the grossness factor to a high level.
This is a family movie that is not just tolerable for the parents.
The relationship with the little brother is so close to real life.
I thought the kids in the movie were great.
I would like to see more of him on the big screen.
I enjoyed his reactions to the situations that he found himself in.
Often kids in this age group do things without thinking through the consequences.
Almost all of the actors did this throughout the movie.
It is a major problem in schools today.
The ending was quite unexpected.
How he handled that situation was excellent.
Too often today kids are not willing to compromise.
The actors in this movie showed that compromise is an important part of life.
The film may sound gross but there are a lot of messages in it.
It also shows you why some bullies resort to bullying other children.
It is a feel good fun film and not just Fear Factor for kids.
This is the most simple and cute movies that I have seen this year.
Coming back to the movie.
Both understand each other .
Go see this movie.
I just have to say one word.
Her smile really warms up the screen.
Movies nowadays tend to show adult authority figures as buffoons.
It was also nice to see Andrea Martin getting some work.
The acting and story are wonderful if you can stomach the concept.
We had even more fun the second time around and everyone raved about it.
The show is really funny.
Jokes and one liners are really good.
With little extra tuning it can become a very popular show.
But the only major negative point of this show is the cast.
with an experience of all the problems a married couple face in a relationship.
Cast is really very important for viewers to like it.
The bad acting certainly will take the show downhill.
This is now one of my favorite comedy shows.
His dry sense of humor has me rolling all the time.
Do yourself a favor.
I hope this series has a long run.
Surely a live audience could have been used in the shooting of the series.
It works for him.
I hope for all the actors sakes that CBS gives them a chance.
A nice ensemble of characters.
I do not know how David Spade will be in his role.
He is best enjoyed in small doses.
He also seems a little old to still be trolling for women.
I enjoyed the pilot and I look forward to seeing how the series develops.
the CG is not too bad.
i have seen worse.
i think the gist of the story is original though.
i also liked the music.
I have never seen such a movie before.
I never thought such horrible acting existed it was all just too funny.
I guess hopping the border solves all problems.
Bad Hollywood movies will seem like heaven when compared to this.
I liked Host but not my absolute favorite.
Though there were some funny lines and gangs throughout the movie which surprised me.
Now on to the parts that i think could have been better.
Korea who saw it early.
I am in the US and just saw it today.
They really loved it and that made me feel good.
The CG is good.
Acting and directing are horrible.
Storyline is extremely simple.
This made the viewing experience far more exciting than it should have been.
Naturally they fall in love.
You can pretty much figure out the rest of the plot yourself.
Lola Lane especially is just lousy trying to play Mona for comedy.
I give it a 7.
That ended the Hollywood Hotel program in 1938.
Of course both Powell and Louella went on to other radio venues.
Richard Whiting and Johnny Mercer provide a really nice score for the film.
And you know what you can expect from Edgar Kennedy exasperation.
That together with Frances Langford singing as well.
She is not the only real person in the script.
This film also was one of the first in the career of young Mr.
But the original song lyric referred to looking like Tyrone Power.
The worst aspects are due to it is time.
I can not believe currently this movie is rated a 6.
It was really refreshing to see a movie that showed traditional family cinema.
With everything you could want in a film.
Huge battle scenes and lots of other action.
Kind of like an old swashbuckler film.
Totally entertaining from start to finish.
The editing was fast and you are never bored for a second.
The story is like a classic story of trouble in the Royal Household.
The actors are beautiful and the sets magnificent.
The costumes are spectacular and the stunt work is imaginative.
The special effects are amazing too.
Gary Stretch is really impressive as an actor and gorgeous to look at.
He looks like a sure bet for Super Stardom.
He is one of the great actors of our time.
All in all this is an amazing Independent film.
See it for sure.
I highly recommend it.
The way it shows the various communities leaving together in Thailand is very interesting.
The wardrobe is fine.
The film is also done locally in Thailand in a reasonable production.
I learned a long time ago to see the humor in things.
Everyone enjoyed the film and it actually inspired wonderful discussions.
She based the character on a real person.
I left the theater with a smile on my face.
Mindy Sterling is in it and is very good.
I loved her in Austin Powers.
I remember him from Head of the Class.
I am tired of all the dark edgy movies that keep getting made.
I will definitely buy it.
I saw a screener of this film recently at work.
What really makes this film stand out I think is the writing.
They need to make more movies like Domestic Import.
I have not seen a movie this cute since My Big Fat Greek Wedding.
I loved Mindy Sterling as the mother.
She was also in Austin Powers.
Things get further and further out of control until.
This film just put me in a good mood.
Domestic Import was a great movie.
I laughed the whole time.
The acting was great.
I highly recommend this movie.
a pure reality bytes film.
I liked this movies.
Think back to all of those films.
The film is good too.
Its a bit slow at first but keeps you entertained.
There is almost no comedy but it does make you smile often enough.
There will be lots of women crying at the end of the film.
And if you are not it will inform and may be scare you .
Overall a very good looking film.
I thought the movie was OK.
the kid is too good to have his life totally trashed.
The rest is just details.
A set of talented actors helps him portrait a wide variety of characters.
Well i do disagreed with the other comment posted.
5 different women are coping with their male partners and families.
I highly recommend it.
Several story lines are interwoven here around different women characters.
The shoes they wear serve as an indication of their troubled lives.
All are transformed at the end of the movie.
Other characters are used to connect the five main women characters.
In editing small connections are made between the scenes.
are used to make the connection and fast cuts.
This is often compared to Magnolia because the structure is the same.
But they are different.
This has more the ability to translate emotion and atmosphere visually.
It could also be seen as a kind of documentary.
Well shown emotions and passion of people and crowd.
A story woven around a marriage.
The movie is about the fact that engagement leads to love.
Director has definitely given it much thought and actors have done it to perfection.
But it gives us an idea of how it was like.
All the actors are very good and even the smallest roles are played wonderfully.
Lisbon looks beautiful as ever.
Not that I get to do that very often anyway.
The Idea offers a multidimensional look at a community assigned to hoods and dealers.
The genre is unique and not the typical expectation.
It carries multiply messages which include a very rapid character development.
I have rated this film at the highest possible rating.
I look forward to viewing the sequence.
I is a blessing and with the blessing the emotion is followed by shame.
After watching the film i was so impressed by the work.
You can see the intention in the design from the start to the finish.
The character development is amazing.
It is so interesting where did this guy come from.
Now he is probably the key independent African filmmaker in the world.
Showing the artistic diversity.
I just love the mild comedy in it.
The injection of comedy also makes watching the film an enjoyable experience.
I am eagerly looking forward to your next product.
Hope that you will continue to provide us with quality entertainment.
and believe me it is an awesome movie.
SPOILERS CONTAINED IN ORDER TO MAKE A OBSERVATION.
Morris Day and other supporting actors provide comedic elements.
Purple Rain is so cool for the dad.
We Are Tracking 921 callers from Minneapolis.
It is time we have pulled the plug on the 1984 movies.
Our 20th Century Fox Fans are not watching anymore.
And I really mean that.
This is now one of my favorites.
I must add that it has a killer soundtrack.
This film is outstanding and wonderfully scored.
Very cool landmark film.
the breathtaking concert stuff is worth seeing it.
Prince does need to stay clear of acting in the future though.
He takes himself way to serious.
I have to admit that Purple Rain is one of my deepest guilty pleasures.
Prince is a musical genius and created beautiful music.
Prince later on had a fallout with Warner Bros.
The entire main cast were just playing themselves.
I have actually watched and analyzed the work and effort put into the movie.
They were always friends.
Prince made sure that every moment in the movie was done perfectly.
If you really love music this is definitely the movie to watch.
When Purple Rain came out I still knew very little about this fellow Minnesotan.
The movie blew me away.
Prince concert where we sat next to his mother.
I have seen it over 17 times and absolutely love it.
I rank it among the Best Movie Musicals of all time.
He was chatting with his mom.
So one Saturday it came on fuse and i decided to watch it.
If you are a Prince fan this is for you.
There are many intense scenes and it is heartwarming.
Sometimes it comes off has funny but when it works it really works.
Very hit and miss.
No one can really act in the film.
And I thought he was only great at singing boy was I wrong.
This is probably his best performance.
The music is great.
Now he has an Oscar and Grammies under his belt.
Certainly the best this year until now.
It is as simple a story for a movie as it can get.
But that is exactly where the art of the movie lies.
This is not about things and people that have gone bad.
Prince is so tight in this movie.
The music is untouchable.
So if you have not seen this then you are need to asap.
There is no debate about his musical talent either then or now.
EVERYONE was caught up.
It got so popular that it became ridiculous.
But i think all the actors were well picked.
The movie had a great story.
Critics say that its a drama but i think its more of a romance.
I'm so glad I have seen this movie.
I cried more than once.
The cast are good.
Clarence Williams is very good as the abusive father as well.
The main strength of the movie however is the superb soundtrack.
The musical numbers are well staged and electrifying.
It even makes Michael Jackson seem inanimate even in his peak years.
I had never seen Richard Thomas play a bad guy.
But this astounded me.
The movie is engrossing and fast paced.
The real talent here is Thomas.
A visual challenge to all those who put their eye behind the lens.
I can not wait to see what your next feature will be.
I will be with you all the way.
This is a real horror film with some truly wonderful horror moments.
I feel that the ending has occluded this film from higher acclaim.
It is shot in a rather naive fashion.
After the abrupt and unbelievably lazy ending I was left feeling disappointed.
I finally got around to seeing this after hearing great things about it.
It actually exceeded my expectations.
The only thing missing from the film was an original storyline.
Very good except for the ending which was a huge disappointment.
The script was very good as was the acting.
This affect was ruined by the extremely unbelievable ending.
Who ever came up with story is one sick person.
I would watch that over and over.
Call it hard or soft or something stupid like that.
I'm only giving this movie a 9 because you FREAKED ME OUT FREAKS.
The actors look like they have a fun time.
My girlfriends like the boy actors and my boyfriends like the girl actors.
If this actors make other scary movies i will watch them.
He make us laugh together the most.
i would give this movie a high score if you ask me.
the actor with the grand chest has to be not real.
Timothy Dalton is amazing as Rochester.
I love the sets and the location.
All the talent Mr.
Right from the first scene it affects you.
All in all a brilliant film.
hats off to Mr.
John never quite gelled.
I give this an 8.
But watching this one almost equals to reading the book.
The cast of 1983 Jane Eyre is excellent.
I saw it as a full length movie in 2006.
It was only faithful to the avarice and arrogance of Hollywood.
Artistic license to the great works in literature is nothing short of plagiarism.
Using the title after such license is fraud.
The two leads play off each other beautifully.
This is the most perfect adaptation of the best romance novel ever.
A love that is wonderfully portrayed and totally believable.
I need not divulge anything in the way of plot here.
this was a fabulous adaptation of Jane Eyre.
i thought she was too old and made Jane seem much to timid.
in the book Jane seemed like a much stronger character.
i was really annoyed by this portrayal of her.
i think they made a bad choice in casting her.
but Dalton was absolutely wonderful as Rochester.
he makes this version of Jane Eyre worth seeing.
i know it was made in the eighties for TV.
This version however was very true to the novel and very well filmed.
I would love to see those two do Jane Eyre.
I always want to go back and read the book again.
He has made the movie with FULL CONVICTION.
I also liked the acting of all others for ex.
It almost seemed as real and recognizable as it could.
Scott movie when I stumbled across the summary and reviews for this version.
Some people have criticized the casting.
Some of the criticisms baffle me.
The book goes on ad infinitum about how small and plain Jane is.
She can scarcely help it if Dalton is tall.
Some say there is no chemistry between the leads.
I do agree with some of the other criticisms.
I too missed more scenes with Helen Burns and the Rivers siblings.
Some of the dialog was oddly truncated.
The conclusion is too abrupt.
She only just met him and he asks her bluntly what she thinks.
I recommend it to all true Jane Eyre fans.
I can not imagine anyone else in their roles.
I strongly recommend this version of the classic Bronte tale.
I do not regret picking this version and neither will you.
I would say God personally led me to this version.
It points to true love for a humans.
Rochester and Jane are rendered in nearly their full length.
Another problem is the casting of the main characters.
She and Dalton have wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight.
Timothy Dalton in particular plays that scene with superb skill.
This review comes nearly 30 years late.
The whole movie was put together beautifully.
I do not care what anyone says about this movie.
The excerpts from Jane Eyre spooked me a little back in school.
The scenes and Mr.
Bravo to the whole team and especially to Mr.
Both Dalton and Clarke are very believable as Rochester and Jane.
The best one for me.
I could never imagine anyone else playing these characters ever again.
I would like to see it again because it is so good.
And it still is.
This production is a lengthy watch but well worth it.
William Russ did a grand job as Hank.
I was irritated at first.
The lighting in this version is bad.
And the sound is poorly recorded.
I felt like I was listening to a high school play.
And the sets do not fully convey the Gothic mood of the novel.
with all those objections .
The critics of this production say it is too close to the book.
Bronte wrote a darn good book.
And Timothy Dalton is nothing if not stunningly handsome.
But Dalton gives a mesmerizing performance as Rochester.
He just blew me away.
Rochester is meant to be a bit scary.
Dalton hits it out of the park.
Some described her a cold or boring.
I had no idea what Jane Eyre was before I saw this miniseries.
This Jane Eyre miniseries completely changed my conceptions.
Timothy Dalton is an amazing Rochester.
The plot is both haunting and inspiring.
This is the best version of Jane Eyre to ever appear on film.
Jane Eyre is now my favorite film and book.
Timothy Dalton is just a tad too good looking to be Mr.
Rosamund Oliver is in it.
she was completely cut out of the VHS.
with maybe some interviews with the stars.
it is that simple.
Jane becomes a governess in the household of the rich Mr.
DOUBLE EXPOSURE was a tremendous surprise.
but there is more to the picture than he is seeing.
This film never received the praise it deserves.
DOUBLE EXPOSURE is a gem of its kind.
A solid and enjoyable picture.
To call this episode brilliant feels like too little.
Second part is what happens in real life.
in this episode its about his preparation for his Death.
Like every sopranos episode the acting and filming is superb.
gonna re watch it till i get this.
This brief review may contain spoilers.
Tony has come out of the coma for only a moment.
His boys take A.
He takes off his shoes and goes to the phone.
He sits down and looks out his window.
10 out of 10.
You find out what the light is.
what Tony can not get to.
Tony was initially not too concerned about getting to heaven.
At first I saw the name vs.
We do not actually know if Tony will live or die.
com and thought the premise looked interesting so I took a look see.
This pet is like any other creature we would consider a pet.
She decides to bring him in and fix his cuts.
When she gets home however she finds that he is still there.
It takes a little while to warm up to it.
Dead To Rights is also a hard game.
Dead To Rights is as gory as it is hard.
Family fun for everyone.
I cant wait to see it.
They have been handled perfectly.
They have not been spoiled.
Each word in the song is very philosophical and meaningful.
The end is tragic but that is not the essence of the movie.
She is ill treated by her step mother and she runs away from home.
She has forgotten her childhood and Dev too.
Overall it is a good film.
This one grew on me.
I love the R.
that are just distracting.
This relationship has several aspects which have not been exploited in movies or novels.
This movie treats the subject in an entirely different light.
Hare Rama Hare Krishna was the biggest hit movie of 1971.
This soon leads to a split in the family.
The brother goes with the mother and the sister with the father.
The music is superbly provided by the late R.
The fleshing in is really left to the viewer .
I also enjoyed that.
I also felt the romance parts of this movie were well played.
He treats the viewer with the best acting performance of his career.
Smith and Travis make the movie.
As for the rest of the cast none of them really stand out.
But I have to said that I enjoyed so much this movie.
that at the end I was happy.
this movie is a little spoon of hope in these days.
And the main lesson for me.
is that at the end of the day.
the love is main force behind us.
This is a good option to see a good movie in Spanish.
and I have to mention the good music.
specially the main song of the movie.
And what a surprise.
A day in the lives of two people close to the median age.
The mermaid cult that eventually saves Genie makes no sense whatsoever.
I know I have no idea.
There is an extended sex scene.
Talent is just wasted.
Even the family names of the two families are part of the fun.
I watched it and absolutely loved it.
Yes there were Italian stereotypes but it was done well and funny.
It was not degrading in any way.
Every actor and actress did a superb job.
I laughed very hard at the sexual humor.
It is adorable and just plain fun to watch.
It was extremely funny.
The parents are hilarious.
They are caterers as well as enemies.
The kids play the parts of Romeo and Juliet in the church play.
They fall in love and their parents try to keep them apart.
Surprisingly they still want to get married in the end of the movie.
If you do not mind those you will have a blast watching this one.
The reasoning then surely seemed sound.
00 in depression era money to make the purchase.
Tears appear as the little guy leaves dejectedly.
WE were quite surprised that no HENRY Series followed.
A delightfully unpretentious send up of Romeo and Juliet.
Bad reviews were due to a snobbishness about treatments of Shakespeare.
See it in the right frame of mind and you will laugh out loud.
This movie is much better than I expected.
The rest of the film is David trying to get her back.
This movie is visually stunning.
Who cares if she can act or not.
Each scene is a work of art composed and captured by John Derek.
He has a plan.
But she will continue to see him in her dreams.
I disagree with that criticism.
In addition it is a realistic portrait of medieval society.
Her father treats her like dirt.
Her Muslim lover deserts her at a very inopportune time.
Highly recommended to fans of disturbing exploitation cinema.
At least for a half hour a week.
I really like the Middle earth action figures they bring in with Hunter.
Most of the other characters are interesting as well.
This is definitely for 16 and up.
Otherwise I may never find a reason to watch the big 3 again.
There is so much that can be said about this film.
She is a woman and that is all there is to it.
This is a serious work deserving rediscovery and restoration of its unjustly tarnished reputation.
The film is slightly gruesome and sleazy at times.
You can not go wrong with it.
8 out of 10.
She had beauty that a rainbow would be embarrassed by .
I loved the original as much as the new .
This movie is pretty good.
But first i thought that it was the original film.
But I still think that it is pretty good.
The actors and special effects were good.
I wish they would produce more episodes.
Or perhaps a movie.
He nevertheless manages to shoot some of the dumbest ninjas in the world.
So glad that you all enjoyed the film.
This is one of the finest examples of Depression era cinema.
Hold Your Man is one of the exceptions.
Thank goodness the code was not enforced until 1934.
The last fifteen minutes have me crying every time.
A truly sweet romance.
She goes up on an accomplice to manslaughter.
Her interaction with the other female prisoners give her some very good scenes.
I think some of the material was later used for the MGM classic Caged.
Still it is Harlow who gets to shine in this film.
Indeed all of them are stereotypes but that is what makes them so funny.
Despite their cynicism and cons they fall in love.
And the direction is much better than you would expect from Sam Wood.
The plot and acting are pretty good.
I bought this one as soon as it was available.
My wife and I have watched this movie twice.
Both of us used to be in the Military.
It was simple and yet so nice.
It had a bitter kind of hummer in it.
I have to say I had my reservations.
Everything about this show screamed EXCELLENCE.
No small feat considering those movies took years to be developed.
Not everything was perfect.
Putting the old jokes in a new show is definitely the wrong approach.
But please do not dwell on something everybody already knows by heart.
I am certainly looking forward to the next episode.
You actually think that you are watching a documentary.
The dialogs between the girls and the privates were executed delicately and astonishingly believable.
This is a totally delightful and unexpected film.
If Iran win they will get into the 2006 World Cup in Germany.
Yet it is the small scale that gives the film its bite.
Still the prohibition persists.
He is equally effective despite being conventional.
Paternity will never let the women to be empowered.
She is merely permitted to listen to the live commentary.
Her alias could not work for her.
From the very beginning her worried father ran here and there for her daughter.
Those Glory Glory Days 4.
A Shot at Glory 5.
The Arsenal Stadium Mystery.
Not a bad film.
The ending on the bus was exhilarating.
One hopes that future will come sooner rather than later.
The supporting characters are absolutely hilarious.
This show was well worth the 8 Pounds I paid for it.
but if you are looking to be offended .
It is about the government trying to keep the people down.
An analogy so clear that the government felt the need to ban the movie.
The ridiculous situation is well captured.
I found it made the characters compelling viewing.
The greatest pity is it will not be released domestically.
Fine performances all round.
This film does the opposite.
A comedy of errors and chaos follows in which the girl escapes.
Cops and prisoners are all joined in a common excitement now.
The US State Dept.
I enjoyed this movie intensely.
Its a MUST see.
One of the best foreign films I have seen in years.
Cinema is dead but still very lively.
This is forbidden in Iran as we are informed.
The absurdity of the laws becomes comical.
I guess that he can be thought as an activist director.
The best are the characters .
My vote is nine.
But of course it is about sexism.
Women are lower forms of human beings.
You will get touched at the same time as you have lots of laughs.
This is in many ways a heroic comedy.
The filming the actual match and aftermath was astonishing.
Perhaps the constraints there force directors to be extremely resourceful.
your heart is made of stone b.
I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival.
Seeing how much this meant to the people of Iran was deeply touching.
The Duke was a guy who really could act well.
His facial expressions and body language could be extremely subtle.
Many of his good intentions came a cropper.
The set pieces were complex and detailed.
A lot of money and thought had been applied to it.
Script was good without being too wordy.
It was nice to see plenty of genuine orientals on the set.
But anyway they looked the part.
The script was better for a start.
All this is true and shown in the film.
My first reaction the first time I saw this movie was one of surprise.
The film moves with a quiet realism through its superficially unexciting story.
There are two intertwining stories.
The human story is a reflection of the greater story of the two nations.
The movie is very well done and all actors play their roles well.
The two lead roles are performed to perfection.
The script is very well written.
It lacks all pomposity.
The Baron responds that Japan just wants to be left alone.
An interesting look at Japan prior to opening to the West.
He is not welcome.
Everyone here is stuck in a gangster film.
And what happens is transcendental murder.
There are few similar films.
But the search will be worth it.
You can not watch it once.
Dark City is better.
The Volcano is more fun.
or at least to think twice before shooting again.
I would recommend the video for an evening of family entertainment.
I love this movie.
I found it very entertaining.
Definitely worth a rental.
What the critics were up to is really a mystery.
I originally saw this very dark comedy around 2000 or so on cable TV.
It is not a film for everyone.
It is worth paying attention to.
The movie is driven by characterization and symbolism which is very rich.
Thats why the user comments on this movie is so mixed.
A place of love and danger.
A movie that you can see more than one time.
This movie is great.
In fact it is a new vernacular.
One of the few films that can be watched repeatedly with deepening appreciation.
The world is a terrible place.
But this movie is farce and it is fun.
And if you do not like it.
you do not get it.
and if you do not get.
Every actor in this one had fun.
And that is good enough for me.
Gabriel Byrne is priceless.
I am a lover of black comedy.
The supporting cast is nearly dead center.
dear god where do i begin.
this is bar none the best movie i have ever seen.
the camera angles are great but in my opinion the acting was the best.
another is the cast.
i believe this movie is truly the most wonderful thing EVER.
THIS IS BEST MOVIE.
And that is the most contrived part of all.
I suppose there was a time before O.
He was a solid actor who could play just about anything and did.
He gives an honest and touching performance here.
Very good movie with good performances.
His shows certainly brought a laughter to the American households of years back.
He would begin the show with an opening monologue.
He lost a son to leukemia at age 11 or so.
the man was pretty wide ranging and a scream.
Relax and be loose was clearly the name of the game there.
Check this out if you are a fan or curious.
He was a riot.
Scott gives a depth to the Scrooge character that the others do not give.
The movie shows more about why he becomes so bitter.
This movie has the best Tiny Tim by far.
Anthony Walters still has all or most of his baby teeth.
He is such a versatile actor.
He portrays a man who clearly loves his family.
Edward Woodward is the best Ghost of Christmas Present I have ever seen.
Most often he is played as a jolly Santa type character.
In this he shows anger at Scrooges attitudes and really makes Scrooge reconsider.
The costumes and the sets really bring the London of Dickens time to life.
An MGM MINIATURE Short Subject.
I hope to see them cast in more projects soon.
Not a bad thing to be at all.
It is just the right sort of entertainment for a Sunday evening.
For me this movie was powerful.
This movie brought back some vivid memories.
Minor flaws I overlooked.
It was the relationships between the characters that got me.
Beautifully acted and real situations.
I have been in a couple of them.
A small gem of a movie.
But I'm more prosy than poetic.
And it was rather cleverly portrayed.
Ryan and Theo at first argue about who did what.
This is such an incredible film.
This is one movie you do not want to miss.
I give this film 10 stars out of 10.
Well done to all concerned.
The ending is nicely done as well.
I have seen The Perfect Son about three times.
The musical score is endearing and heart warming.
The story about Madelene Moore really touches you.
This film really leaves you thinking.
And i think that basically due to the great acting of Brooke Johnson.
I hope to see her in another film soon.
This is a great film.
The direction is without question breathless.
Good work to the team.
Man was she hot in this movie.
Ursula was smoking hot in this movie.
Even one in the house seems to be knocking the boots.
to her ancient client.
Erotic scenes involving other women include an amusing naked wine cellar chase.
German residents will understand what I'm talking about.
Watching the series in German is super.
The two main characters work beautifully together.
Some of my favorite wrestling moments took place on this stage.
I would be here a while listing everyone.
He also feels unhappy and unsatisfied in his Job.
Its expression is fantastic.
I cried more watching Click but there are some similar points.
I do not think another director could give these emotions in such a way.
A powerfully wonderful movie.
The former roommates rekindle their friendship and strengthen their former bond.
The opening scene of this movie confirmed my worst fears.
I almost gave up then and there.
There are some funny parts in it.
Definitely his best in my opinion.
He also let his parents stay in his huge apartment in New York City.
When Alan tries to befriends with Charlie again.
When Alan nearly feels comfortable with Charlie.
Back to the movie.
One of the best movies of 2007.
There is inherent danger in the process.
His reward for helping Charlie is helping himself reconnect with what he has lost.
What we have got here is a Situation.
At the end they are forced to let it go.
You can not fix people.
Alan has a new patient who is propositioning him.
His libido seems to be lurking ready to revive at any minute.
It was a very moving picture.
Somehow you know this story is going to have a happy ending.
Scott in the wonderful 1970 adaptation of Jane Eyre.
This is an unwelcome surprise to Dr.
Johnson since he is a married man with two children.
Some people may never feel loneliness at this level.
I see Oscars somewhere here.
A very fine film.
He is every man.
Alan vows to help his old friend come to terms with the terrible loss.
This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me.
Alan is stuck in a life that he knows is no longer fulfilling.
He feels friendless and out of touch with his own reality.
He is unable to communicate with his wife and his associates at work.
He chances upon Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job.
His landlady is his protector and great enabler.
Alan reties his friendship with Charlie and they become close to each other.
My vote is seven.
He might even be typecast for characters with such hidden anger problems.
Almost every main character in Reign Over Me gives a great performance.
They completely owned this movie.
The feel of this movie was amazing.
His character was really interesting.
This movie is definitely worth the watch.
This version of the Charles Dickens novel features George C Scott as the Scrooge.
a fine cast supports him in the very good adaption.
A Modern day holiday classic on a scale of one to ten.
I was a suspect for murder until the autopsy came back.
Now about this movie.
Go see this movie with tissues and not without preparing to take it in.
This was the first movie that has made me cry in a long time.
Greetings again from the darkness.
just by watching him work a jigsaw puzzle.
This movie is great for a mature intelligent audience.
This film is about loss and coping.
Last but not least is the beautiful Saffron Burrows.
I saw this at a screening last night too.
He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that comes through in this role.
Reign over Me does not disappoint.
I feel there is no need to tell you anything more.
Do yourself a favor and take the time to see this movie.
you are a heartless soul.
Adam plays two levels very well.
He laughs too much.
Dennis Hopper is the bad guy and no one plays them better.
The plot is so tight that you are hooked within the first fifteen minutes.
Cain would have appreciated it.
It defines Nicholas Cage.
The plot is intricate and totally absorbing.
The ending will blow you away.
See it whenever you have the opportunity.
A surprise thriller with more twists and double crosses than a doodle pad.
Innocent Nick Cage gets recruited for a hit.
Dennis Hopper plays a real Hit Man.
Lara Flynn Boyle is dangerous.
And small town America does not seem all that safer than the Big City.
Hopper is a love him or hate him kind of guy.
Scott is absolutely amazing and totally believable as Scrooge.
The supporting cast is equally spectacular.
Little details add much to the enjoyment.
which show just how much computers have evolved in 21 years.
Consequently when he is mistaken by Mr J.
He also mails a letter to the local sheriff exposing the plot and splits.
The film was very well cast.
The best performance was by the late J.
Walsh who was menacing without appearing to be.
Walsh was a great character actor who left us much too soon.
Though I did not have much of an opinion in regards to last seduction.
But nowadays Mr Dahl has resorted to directing television shows.
Its a shame since the man had talent.
But Cage decides to split after taking the upfront payment without doing it.
There were too many close up frames.
However this does not deter the movie from being an enjoyable experience.
The movie had good pace and the structure was perfect.
His facial expressions were on the mark.
Her hairstyle was far out and can make any guy go on his knees.
Hopper played his part well.
But I feel he was miscast for this role.
The role was not written keeping his personality in mind.
Due to the fact that some sub plots are similar.
He pays him to kill his wife and make it look like burglary.
She offers him double to kill Wayne.
There really was a sense of fun to this.
But this might be his regular look.
See the film and judge for yourselves.
This movie started me on a Nick Cage kick.
Dennis Hopper is at his best here.
The sets and the music contribute a great deal to almost every scene.
This is one of those movies.
Any film featuring J.
I look forward to more like this from director John Dahl.
It is impossible at any moment to predict what will happen next.
Nothing is as it appears or ends as you think it will.
The characters are all gritty and engaging.
Cage is at his best.
Dennis Hopper again shows his delightfully sinister side.
Not a slow minute in this film.
Walsh as the heavy.
The expansiveness of the big sky country provides a wonderful setting.
disguised as other characters.
Lara Flynn Boyle is fun to watch for a bunch of reasons.
You will have fun watching this.
The music is sweet.
The supporting cast is very well done.
Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge.
Some have said his portrayal too gruff.
This is where we see that there is hope for him.
I think that is a HUGE part of what Dickens was trying to say.
Sometimes they get left on the editing room floor.
it invariably becomes their favorite Christmas album.
I saw this movie only after hearing raves about it for years.
This is the familiar tale of the woes of inventing the perfect everyday product.
always the stiff upper lip when under fire.
6 out of 10.
it really is a classic of sorts.
It still looks the same now.
A man who finds those smaller than himself to be inferior.
We all know the story and the quotes.
The book is one of the most cherished works in the English language.
This film version portrays all of that quite beautifully.
I love this movie.
I enjoyed this film.
But I was surprised to see people referring to it as a comedy.
There was something magical and useful in Science.
The theme of workers v.
I'm always astonished by the wonderful direction in these films as well.
This film is no exception.
Guinness is a nerdy little scientist that works for a textile company.
Two men block his way.
A secretary is sitting outside at her desk.
There is silence until the buzzer begins signaling her frantically.
The following example would be unthinkable today.
Again and again it explodes.
The laboratory is cleared of all other work.
Windows are blown out.
When the door behind him opens he jumps a foot in the air.
He bumps against a pedestal with an iron bust on it.
The bust topples backward and bumps against the wall.
There is a shot lasting about one second of the bust hitting the wall.
I will not go on with this.
And of course the economic implications have to do with more than cloth.
The roster of performers is peerless.
Joanne Greenwood with that husky voice.
The blithering Cecil Parker.
He manages to push himself into various industrial labs in the textile industry.
He sees Guinness as selling out to the rich.
They seek to suppress the invention.
As such it is brilliant.
This is science fiction in its purest form and droll comedy as well.
The big explosions segment is probably the most farcical element.
The political machinations actually carry the story.
I love the symbolism of this guy in a glowing white suit.
She is sick and tired of money and power.
The funny thing is that it is not even romance.
What a wonderful droll commentary the film provides even after all these years.
And Guinness helps to weave the charm into every frame.
His eyes and face are as luminous as that white suit he wears.
Both he and the film have to be considered lifetime favorites.
If only someone would release in America.
America must know this series.
He was also aware that the meaner of the locals could be cruel.
In very bad ways.
The photography is excellent as well.
This movie is a classic in every sense of the word.
It is very entertaining and also very disturbing.
The acting in this movie is well done.
It is definitely worth watching.
This movie is a masterpiece.
We see it in the bow fishing.
We see it in the home made tent.
and this IS a very disturbing film.
Little did they know what would happen next.
The photography and sets are realistic and natural.
This was before the days of Wes Craven.
You will enjoy this film.
Everyone should see this movie for the experience.
Just do not expect a picnic.
The location was really chosen well.
The lush forests and gentle landscape only make the horror more horrible.
The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy.
I was but fourteen years old.
everyone does an admirable job.
all the technical aspects of this remarkable film are first rate.
You can take that to the bank.
Life and it is unpredictable circumstance can change a man.
I guarantee your heart rate will elevated to a new level.
Ten out of ten stars.
This is one of the greatest films ever made.
His shallow fake bravery is toned down into serious resolve.
This film speaks to us on so many levels.
The story feels real.
This is one deep movie.
And this is one hell of a story.
Movies that make you think.
Movies that take you beyond having to think.
It really is that good.
You can not go your whole life without watching this film.
I have never gotten so immersed in a film as I have this one.
I can not really say much more than that.
This is not a Hollywood film.
This is without a doubt one of the best movies I have ever seen.
The first time I saw it I was about 9 or 10 years old.
I began looking sometime before the rape scene.
Magnificent acting in this movie.
A must see for all the movie lovers.
James Dickey is a wonderfully descriptive author.
The camera is as descriptive as the narration.
This one was easily the class of the group.
That says a lot.
Engrossing drama of four men on a canoing weekend down a remote river.
Then two hillbillies attack Ed and Bobby.
One of them rapes Bobby.
and the trip becomes a nightmare.
The scenery is incredibly beautiful yet this horrific violence is taking place.
The acting is mostly good.
Cox is very good especially when things start falling apart.
Also Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward are way too believable as the hillbillies.
But that is misleading beyond belief.
Some have said he was pretty unaffected by the ordeal.
Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role.
Scott has made Scrooge utterly believable and painfully human.
I want nothing from you.
Susannah York is a wonderfully tart tongued Mrs.
In that scene the brutality and edge of this film is truly visible.
As the plot goes it is very believable and never stretches past its limits.
The acting is universally excellent.
These locals imbue the film with a depth of characterization unequaled in film history.
How appropriate that the setting should be the American South.
Very few places in the U.
And that is another strength of the film.
Direction and editing are flawless.
And the acting is terrific.
Burt Reynolds has never been better.
The film has aged well.
The setting is established effectively through the opening credits.
There are no demons or bogeymen here.
They shock because their evil is petty and tangible.
The film has no peripheral characters.
This is simply a great quartet of actors.
You just really begin to feel for him.
When Dan plays guitar and sings at the Talent Show.
his voice cracking slightly as he reprises the song.
and tell him so much more than that with just a few words.
but I will end by saying.
It flows at just the right pace throughout.
The accompanying music fits perfectly and is very pleasant to the ear.
I highly recommend watching this film regardless of what genre you normally enjoy.
Marie is the girlfriend of his brother.
How it is made possible forms the rest of the story.
And every other stuff is done well.
Scott delivers the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge.
Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination.
I could watch this film on mute and be dazzled by the scenery.
A Christmas Carol is not a light story.
I loved the story.
Well maybe there ought to be.
I thought everybody seemed really human and believable.
What a top notch cast.
What great music on the soundtrack.
I gave it an eight out of ten.
I do not know any family who is like that.
Clean family oriented movie.
He should win an Oscar for his performance.
I could go on but I just thought this movie was simply awesome.
My vote is eight.
Still a fun movie.
What can one say about Ms.
The only sad note is the waste of talent in the picture.
They just serve as incidental music for decoration.
DAN IN REAL LIFE delivered that promise.
I saw a special advance screening of this today.
I ended up enjoying it quite a bit.
Besides that this movie is pretty damn hilarious.
The characters in this film are middle and lower class.
Scott captures the old miser pretty well in this film.
Worth a look see.
You can not blame a guy for being a little frightened though.
And so he became more functional than feeling.
There is only one problem really.
She is already seeing someone.
I was particularly struck by the casting of the film.
It was a wonderful break from the sex jokes and nudity of recent films.
I got to see this film at a preview and was dazzled by it.
The following two films are recommended.
But she was married.
This is a film about deep and unspoken human relationships.
There is still some weight about the history that surrounds the family.
History usually has weight in Chinese literature and serious film.
Her spirit is as bright as the other two are reserved.
Into this apparently stable world comes an unexpected visitor.
The characters are nice and portrayed nicely by its actors.
I only wished the movie its visual style would had been a bit better.
In that regard this movie most certainly does not disappoint.
and possibly closest to the Dickens story line.
Edward Woodward is everything we expect and more of the Ghost of Christmas present.
Nearly the entire cast is incredible.
Still the music and the scenery make this a must watch every holiday.
The end is very surprising and intelligent.
It is great and much better than J.
The screenplay is written tight and fast and holds the tension till the end.
He reveals some surprising evidence .
Even a real psychological experiment is used for this explanation of the crime scene.
Action takes place in fictional western state where fictional president has been killed.
10 out of 10.
This film was enjoyable but for the wrong reasons.
White Fire has so much going for it.
this flick ends up delivering on all cylinders.
and I was very glad that I did.
What can you say about the film White Fire.
Our movie begins in the woods of a country somewhere in the world.
A family is hiding from unmarked soldiers in costume shop uniforms.
Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship.
So I heartily encourage everyone to behold the majesty that is White Fire.
You may be glad you did.
Later a wound while fighting in the Sudan is the catalyst for his blindness.
Her evil tart reminds me of Bette Davis in Of Human Bondage.
A movie that certainly stands alone.
I am a huge John Denver fan.
I have a large collection of his music on vinyl.
I saw this Christmas special when it was originally on TV and loved it.
I have the original vinyl album and CD.
I have the original CD and later release.
The later release is missing several songs though.
I see that it has been released this year with all original songs.
To me no amount is worth selling this treasure.
It is my favorite Christmas CD.
I would love to have either version.
If anyone has one available please let me know.
All section of audience can watch this movie particularly children will enjoy this film.
It is a enjoyable holiday movie for one and all.
I liked this movie very much.
My favorite scene is with the baby elephant part.
I rate this movie at 7.
And that is all there is to it.
This film is a rhapsody.
I must see this poetic little piece again as soon as possible.
This is not light commercial Hollywood stuff.
Lola still grieves the death of their son Augustin some time ago.
My vote is eight.
I really do not know why everyone says it has a slow pace.
I thought the pace was perfect.
He had nothing and Mr.
Rooney gave him everything.
They are the perfect team.
Scott is very believable as is the rest of the cast.
His Scrooge oozes with nastiness until the very end of the movie.
Then his character changes to one who is truly repentant.
A bloody gangster story which takes place in the years of Great Depression.
Such stories never have happy end after all.
This is a film that can make you want to see it again.
Hard to believe Michael Jr.
could be so apparently unmoved as his younger brother and mother as blown away.
Some have complained about Hanks as a gangster.
Eight Stars for this one.
A great gangster film.
Great acting by him again.
He is an acting legend.
Casting is just too good.
The plot is quite good.
You will enjoy the movie.
Soundtrack is pretty good an apt to the movie.
A great flick in totality showing what a father does to protect his son.
Way underrated for my liking.
Deserved a fully deserved 10.
This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
The production design is also a factor in what makes this movie special.
Definitely a Best Picture nominee in my book.
Tom Hanks like you have never seen him before.
Hanks again proves to be excellent in a very memorable movie.
I was very surprised about the end.
An excellent depiction of one of the more unwholesome aspects of that era.
He does the best he can to see that happen.
Sullivan outsmarts the hit and rushes home to find Michael Jr.
sitting at the table.
He feels his curiosity killed his mother and brother.
He brings maturity and also a sense of still being juvenile.
This movie is a sleeper film that should be watched for years to come.
I think it is up there with his performance in Patton.
This is a beautiful film.
The true tale of bond between father and son.
Tom Hanks is really out of the box in this movie.
He usually has the nice guy roles.
The cast of this movie was well put together.
i think that this film is brilliant.
thank you for reading this comment written by Ross Kirk aged 16.
Tom Hanks leads a stellar cast as Michael Sullivan.
The movie will have you feeling the old days.
Paul Newman as always delivers a brilliant performance on screen.
He is truly a legend.
Liam Aiken is another found treasure in film.
But this movie is indeed different.
The story opens with young Michael Sullivan Jr.
This duality snakes its way throughout the movie.
I will disclose no further details in order to avoid any potential spoilers.
I may be getting old.
But I have seen a lot .
and this is fresh and invigorating.
This is the best mob film ever made.
It deserved more then what it got at the Oscars.
This was by far the best score of the year.
This is a great film that should be seen by everyone.
So Rooney joins his son Connor on the Road to Perdition.
Jude Law plays Maguire in a suitably creepy way.
The homes shone with gleaming woodwork.
This is one of the best made movies from 2002.
So this made for TV film scores only a 7.
Scott is simply incredible as Ebenezer Scrooge.
Scott is properly gruff as Scrooge.
The film even borders on frightening in several scenes involving the spirits.
10 of 10 stars.
Conrad Hall went out with a bang.
The great film photographer finished his illustrious career with this movie before passing on.
His work is just awesome.
Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall will very likely win another Oscar for his work here .
I loved so much about this movie.
The movie is intelligent in the way relationships and issues are explored.
Tom Hanks delivers the best performance of his career.
Rooney involved himself in organized crime.
But the most important technical element in the film is Conrad L.
Acting This film is a very well acted film.
Conrad Hall is a true genius.
He sets up every shot so that nothing is left out.
His work on this movie made it what it is.
The screen Writing is worthy of an Oscar.
The music is some of the most beautiful and moving scores I have herd.
My grade 10 out of 10.
In the middle of this a pair of lovers become infected.
There is an internal logic rare in these films.
The fight seen in the end is worth watching ten or twenty times.
The truth is America as a whole is not prepared for Meatball Machine.
This is Art my friends.
Scott will be known as one of the greatest actors of the 20th century.
The character of Scrooge as played by Mr.
Scott seemed to jump off the screen.
Truly a remarkable performance by a giant of his generation.
Most of the feedback I have heard concerning Meatball Machine has been pretty mixed.
This was a very entertaining flick.
The winner of the battle eats the loser alive.
MEATBALL MACHINE is no exception.
7 out of 10 .
Boy loves girl but is too afraid to ask her on a date.
Boy finally meets girl.
And yes it too luckily shows more violence.
Acting is what you would expect from a no budget splatter film.
This movie is the first time movie experience for several people in the cast.
But they all did a good job.
We are happy to see such enthusiastic young cast.
They seem very promising for the future of the Turkish film Industry.
It is an excellent thriller from Turkey which can make sense.
And also transition parts are really excellent.
Principal causes and psychological consequences are given in Gen.
The only thing you have to do is to combine all the hints.
Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge.
The atmosphere of the movie is impressive and dark.
Also the special features are colorful and not cheap.
It was far better than I expected.
Scenario and acting is quite good.
The director made a good job as well.
The mental hospital atmosphere was given quite good.
I agree with the other comments.
I saw this movie years ago.
Christopher Plummer is hilarious as a dandy.
The ribaldry is unsurpassed.
I saw this film 12 years ago on TNT.
I have not seen this film on TV since.
This is a fast paced comedy.
Best thing I ever did.
To this day I can crack up just thinking about the dialog.
From then on it is pure chaos one after another.
I'm ready to ASSURE you that you will enjoy it.
We all know this famous story.
The story itself is amazing.
out of this world and yet its so down to Earth and believable.
I can not even describe it to its fullest.
Its just a charming story thats so easy to get into.
What I like about it is the humor.
Another thing is the characters.
and probably one of the only people he can actually stand.
I was in the library and searched desperately for something good to read.
I even took it home for a few more reads over.
I once watched 45 consecutive episodes within a day.
I do not know how I did it.
To this day 161 episodes are not enough to keep me satisfied.
But not only them had this kind of fate.
There are tons of violent actions but has a good story to it.
This has got to be the best movie I have ever seen.
The film left a deep impression on me.
Edison Chen does a superb job playing the part of the murderous Pang.
This is one to see with a group of friends who love the ridiculous.
This film is beautifully photographed with an excellent soundtrack.
There are many very brutal violent scenes.
The woman having a long nail pulled out of her foot.
Knives to the neck and torso.
Guns fired directly to the head.
And several very intense beatings.
It maybe grim intense and downbeat but it is definitely worth seeing.
3 Hong Kong movies kind of disappeared.
but this is not much fun.
These cops here have to deal with the lowest on the social ladder.
The police characters also defied my expectations thoroughly.
This is one of my least favorite things about the genre.
there are some similarities.
Sam Lee as the obsessed cop is also outstanding.
The music is also worth mentioning.
If you dislike strong violence then you should stay away from this one.
i would definitely recommend to those looking for a stylish and action packed movie.
Makes you think about what is life about really.
Chilling performance by Edison Chen.
Finally we have before us a Category III movie for the summer 2006 season.
The plot very ably shows the hypocrisy of the female libido.
He then gets up the courage to pursue his true love.
Unlike other movies main character is a boy.
might make you feel different.
The art of still photography unfortunately does not automatically translate to cinematography.
This movie documents the Harlem ball circuit of the mid eighties.
Here the most genius of trash is extremely well documented and duly glamorized.
I found from a documentary standpoint that this is a darned good documentary.
LIKE EVERY OTHER COMPETITION like it.
Which I felt was a point.
Credit should be given where credit is DUE.
Yeah this films is tops.
Cant recommend it more.
A film made with passion and interest in the subject matter.
Some of the performances and just amazing.
If you only find this film on VHS it is still very worth watching.
10 out of 10.
The filmmaker was apparently a first timer so what an achievement.
there should be a part two.
well if your are reading this please consider doing another documentary of this sort.
I really appreciated the break downs and definitions too.
Thank you s much for allowing this film to exist.
The film really challenges your notions of identity and the society we live in.
It is well made and very powerful.
It is shocking at times and more powerful because of it.
Fifteen years later and Paris Is Burning is still aflame.
I was not into the whole Madonna and vogueing phenomenon.
I thought it was going to be campy and silly.
How wrong I was about this movie.
It took me back to a time and place of fun and excitement.
I felt as though I knew all of the characters personally.
I hope they make another documentary.
The words and wit were just as sharp as the moves on the floor.
There they can be whoever and whatever they want and be accepted.
Sounds depressing but it is not.
The sense of community in this film is fascinating.
The balls are still held but not in the spirit we see here.
And I have heard the houses are gone too.
That time is gone forever.
When Queens were really proud to be extroverts.
The textbooks on drag performance say nothing of these vogueing houses.
The film is valuable because it focuses on a scene otherwise being ignored.
It is a valuable snapshot of life in 1989.
But even with that handicap I love this movie.
A real time and place.
No matter what the consequences.
You have to admire that.
Bottom line it is real life.
Some of these dreams are so unattainable it is tragic.
There are shots in this movie of nude transsexuals.
It is about friendship.
Darius and his mother are models of strength and courage.
And the Crew members are testaments to the heart of the younger generation.
Shows you whether they really care about the youth and their viewers at all.
There are many police dramas doing the rounds.
I am not sure why.
This is not a pleasant film.
Not one to relax you.
There is not much feeling of optimism in it.
The police seem to be involved in a losing battle.
This is the world we live in.
Anne has her own way of patching things up.
The gang head west for a trip that all its participants will never forget.
The filmmakers here clearly have an emotional connection to the material.
I recently watched this movie at the Sunscreen Film Festival.
It played twice over the course of the festival.
It is snowballing out of control.
Darius wished to see the ocean.
People in the theater were sobbing.
This was the best movie I have ever seen about Bulimia.
It has to do with them and them only.
I think that that scene was definitely the most important scene in that movie.
My teenage years came back to me so vividly.
Its a small world and this little movie shows us.
And as far as the thematic elements.
This movie is pure magic.
I gave it a 10.
This proves that not only big productions make great movies.
The title of this movie fits in perfectly.
In computer language BUG means program error which causes reactions in computer function.
The vertiginous happenings in this movie start with the death of a BUG.
From there onwards everything gets complicated.
well see this one and maybe it will make more sense.
Hitchcock never blended scenes together better.
I will be looking for more good things from this producer in the future.
I say not to judge this by U.
His mother yells at him from downstairs to shut up.
Quite by accident actually.
Ever character is intertwined in some way or another.
This movie is just wonderful.
I'm going to have to find a copy to buy.
One thing that was great about this was the use of real European locations.
I enjoyed this movie.
Dean Cain was excellent in the role of Bob.
He gets better with every film he does.
It was left for the viewer to decide.
This is by far the funniest short made by the two comic geniuses.
I highly suggest that every fan of Laurel and Hardy should see this short.
I also recommend all of the Ghost Series.
What worked exceptionally well was the middle portion.
Everything about it was superb.
His mum must be proud.
I could not take my eyes off this film for fear of missing something.
A child poked and bullied at school who becomes a hero.
And not necessarily so.
Dirty Work is Stan and Ollie at their funniest.
Then the Professor wants to try out his new potion.
A very funny little film.
The supporting cast of the movie is surprising good.
Also watch out for a scene featuring a fish .
Quiet and slow this is a very frustrating movie.
Then he hooks up inexplicably with another guy at the end.
Also he has an incredible sexual magnetism about him.
I just wish that the story could be a happy ending.
So maybe things will go better for him in the future.
Of coarse I bought it without seeing it and was glad I did.
I feel like they fit well and do not think kids will notice.
Most Hollywood movies fail to capture the full range of experience of teenagers.
This film demonstrates exactly how to do it right.
The movie is very realistic.
This is where the realism of the whole story is apparent.
Not everything happens the way we think it should happen.
I can say though that the movie does not end on a bad note.
That is probably the moral of this story.
This movie has everything.
It exposes the need for real inner communion and outer communication in any relationship.
this movie is amazing.
it left me wanting more.
The best part of this movie is the cinematography.
It leaves you charmed with its beauty.
But as a love story or character study it is lacking and unsatisfying.
It can not leave you neutral.
Yes it is a love story between 2 18 years old boys.
But it is only the body of this movie.
And it is been removed.
You only feel what happened with these boys.
You feel the soul of the movie.
I liked this film very much.
Since I like that sort of film I enjoyed this.
The cinematographer uses techniques that add to the storytelling.
The story pulls you into the characters a bit slowly in the beginning.
One quite funny scene has two derelicts watching the monster fly over the city.
and what a wild ride.
8 out of 10.
Spoiler of sorts follows.
My appreciation of this movie increases.
It certainly merits a higher consideration than those movies that are instantly forgettable.
I do not really know whether it is true or not.
Many also dislike its confusing structure and lack of clear explanations.
The movie skips around a bit but really chronicles just 3 time periods.
This type of movies forces us to interpret the reasons behind the actions.
Another telltale sign that they are ultimately not compatible is the historical ruins scene.
One is the sound.
But it is better than many of you have said.
this is not a funny movie.
But what seemed perfect at the beginning.
He finally become depressed and tries to commit suicide.
but this is not a movie for entertainment.
Is all about feelings.
The entire cast is superb and the direction is gentle and provocative.
In French with English subtitles.
The film has a way of staying with us even when it has ended.
Mathieu feels the attraction for Cedric too.
This is a young man who is hard to understand on a simple level.
It is alternatively known as Big Monster War or as Ghosts on Parade.
Only after some contemplation did I decide I liked this movie.
So often throughout the film you feel like you are there.
Bette thrills us with her jokes and brings us to tears with her ballads.
Spanning generations of people she offers something for everyone.
She possesses what it takes to keep an audience in captivity.
Her voice is as beautiful as ever and will truly impress you.
She gives her all every time she is on stage.
I will treasure this concert for a very long time.
In love with Burlesque.
All the gang are there see below.
Feel Ireland as it was.
And yet it says something about Ireland that you will not find elsewhere.
This film IS IRELAND.
I'm in the pub with them or kneeling to pray with them.
They are our sad history and they are our present.
Definitely worth renting out if you can find it.
Call it what you will this is a fanatical ride.
This is unlike anything I have seen in the movie theater before.
You will not be bored can guarantee that.
I read the play before I saw the movie and loved them both.
Terrible shame to have lost him so young.
Paulie recants his life with Marie and how they lost each other.
But I just love this type of movie.
can not help myself.
I LIKE long stories.
Watch the movie and that will make sense.
Roles that are quite fitting to what we all know about them.
Seems it is taken years to find her.
Especially the owner of an animal research lab.
That part might bother younger children.
I would recommend this movie for every one.
The movie was so inspiring to me.
Love overcame all the obstacles.
This movie is highly underrated and contains many messages of real life.
I recommend this movie to anyone of any age.
Made me wish my own happy birds could talk.
A sweet story that people of all ages will enjoy.
Paulie is a lovable little treasure.
He has quite a few clever lines that truly made me laugh.
I especially loved the dance sequences during his showbiz stint.
It surprises me sometimes how good a movie with no pretenses can be.
This one is just fabulous.
I gave it a 10 out of 10.
This is such a great movie to watch with young children.
Add Paulie the parrot to beloved movie animal characters.
Before the heart warming ending we learn all the misadventures of Paulie.
Paulie helps Marie learn to talk and they become best friends.
Paulie goes through so much to find his way back to Marie.
It will touch your heart.
This film also has some sad parts that make the tears run.
In the end it all works out for Paulie and his Russian friend.
A sentimental story with a sentimental sound track.
The parrot is definitely the star of the film.
Paulie it seems has a phenomenal memory.
Not one to be missed if you have any kind of heart or emotion.
I approach films about talking animals with care.
But I found the film a pleasant surprise.
And not a few phrases either.
Its a parrot you can actually make conversation with.
Only for those promises to be broken time and again.
Paulie is admittedly a little episodic.
Paulie is an occasionally very touching film.
His scenes with Ivy are some of the best.
Wonderful moments of Paulie perched on her shoulder singing Tom Jones numbers.
Paulie falls in with a group of performing parrots at a Spanish outdoor restaurant.
And Paulie even gets to have a romance.
That may be the only complaint I have.
Of course they do find Marie.
The same flawless effects.
And the same surprising intelligence.
Paulie is a wonderful film filled with touching moments.
It is journey worth experiencing.
Paulie is the best family movie I have found and wholeheartedly enjoyed.
I was very surprised with this film.
I certainly recommend it.
Then the great journey begins.
He falls in love with a girl parrot and loses her.
Enjoy and try no to tear up during the sad parts.
I'm a late comer in becoming a fan of this movie.
The special effects of showing Paulie talking are superb.
My son asked me how the bird knew so many phrases.
You root for him all the way through the movie.
Most of what I liked came from the technical side of things.
The show aired in 1979 and was a delightful show.
There is also a few other songs not put on the CD.
The story itself is inspiring.
I would like to say that the soundtrack is astounding.
The sweeping camera angles and breathtaking scenery beautify the story even more.
That was only a few of the strange inhabitants.
The TV works consists of 3 series and a Christmas special.
One of the best comedy series to ever come out of Britain.
Little Britain pales into insignificance as a poor imitation of their ideas.
This is probably the best television show I have ever seen.
I first saw it on Comedy Central several years ago.
There are three specials that I have not watched yet.
I'm saving them to spring on my best friend next time he visits.
I think these four guys have created something sort of undefinable.
About a year ago I finally gave up on American television.
It was then that I decided to switch to British television.
This program is one of the best I have seen.
Suffice to say I am hooked on the program now.
The characters are superb and show unusual depth while retaining a scarily realistic edge.
This is a very underrated gem for those who watch foreign movies.
By the end of this movie you will feel good.
Watch it as it is and you will enjoy it.
It has been a good long while since I have been impressed like this.
This is what makes me proud to be British.
This is by far the funniest thing on TV.
It is a comedy that everyone simply must watch.
The detail and intricacies are staggering.
Not for those with thin skins or who lack objectivity.
The blackest comedy I can recall.
And very possibly the most wonderful thing I will ever see.
Watch it in order.
See how creative and stylish and deeply disturbed these guys are.
No one and nothing is out of bounds.
It may just choke you up towards the end.
I know it did me.
But it is still cool.
Not just the animation style but several character designs.
Other characters were well cast from Jeff Bridges to Danny Huston and Gillian Anderson.
Though I do think the ending is flawed.
They all fit their character well enough.
I totally gotta try that out next time I find myself in a club.
A hilarious film from start to end.
Jeff Bridges is excellent as the boss.
Others are also pretty good.
as Sophie once says in the movie.
The saints of the moment are the stars.
Even they were not for real .
And television and all other media are means to create and capture our strivings.
We desperately need benchmarks in regard to which to measure ourselves.
This time it was larger than we expected.
the character of Young is full and reasonable.
Those are the peak comedic moments of the film.
Well it was a nice surprise after all.
One does not become a top suit just to doubt it all suddenly again.
Of course his winning ways create all sorts of complications.
I liked the film.
7 out of 10.
Neither did How to lose friends and Alienate People.
This movie is essentially about a man good as pissing people off.
Its one of those movies where you could just be happy when it ends.
There are a number of other comedic actors who portray similar characters too.
I read somewhere that this is based on a true story.
It was nice to see him in a role that I could actually enjoy.
This girl will go far.
Young wants the down right dirty contrasted with the American professionalism.
The physical comedy can also be overdone.
How to lose friends and Alienate people came out in 2008.
It bombed at U.
I know it is not a true story.
but I think everyone in this movie is good.
great role for her.
My rating 7 out of 10.
The laughs were regular and eye watering and everyone of them aimed at Penn.
Highly recommended to all.
The rest of the supporting cast did its job well.
Sidney finds creative ways to annoy nearly everyone.
I rapidly became absorbed in the unfolding of the narrative and remained engrossed throughout.
He takes to the streets trying to make ends meet.
This actor projects a tremendous sincerity in his work.
That alone is worth watching the movie.
I must admit I'm prejudiced on a number of levels.
And hearing the duet of Santa Lucia gorgeous.
He was adorable in the movie and had such an amazing voice.
com and have a look before it is sold out.
I enjoyed this movie very much and have truly enjoyed opera ever since.
I feel very sad that so many are criticizing him so harshly.
He deserves to be respected and admired for his talent.
But all these genre conventions are given a fresh spin and added depth.
Not for younger or more sensitive kids though.
Any movie buff would enjoy this film.
These different movies coexisted even though each one had something different to offer.
This is just a fun movie for Pavarotti fans.
The singing is fabulous and the selection of arias is fun.
and it is filmed on location at the Metropolitan Opera at Lincoln Center.
This Raggedy Ann and Andy Movie is so adorable.
At the time I enjoyed the filming that switched between cartoon and live action.
At the time I felt sad for the blue camel and his sad life.
I would love to own it.
I watched it every Sunday they played it on the Family Film Festival.
He was hampered in directing this film by the producer.
Still it is worth watching for some eye popping animation.
i have watched it countless times.
my eyes were opened to things i had never noticed before.
if you get the chance to view it.
I believe I received this film when I was a young buck.
I searched high and low for this movie and still no luck.
I am 17 years old now.
I still watch it.
All the time actually.
And personally I think they should make a sequel.
Also known as the Big Spook War.
The creation of the creature is equally arduous for young minds.
I was five years old at the time.
This movie was pretty scary for a five year old.
I have enjoyed watching it again too.
Though I have to admit it is not as good on a little TV.
The songs are very cute.
My daughter keeps singing them over and over.
Mainly the scary parts.
If anything get it for the nostalgia purposes.
Its characters are all unique and the songs are great.
So great you might find yourself humming them time and time again.
This was way more darker and real world.
Ill never forget my experience watching it.
And the dinosaur craze.
Theodore Rex enabled me to do so.
Nor am I a moron.
This is a fairy tale that dares to be dark.
Westerners like to downplay the seriousness behind bedtime stories written specifically for kids.
I thought it was a great film.
But after watching it again yesterday I have found it to be amazing.
The world could never be the same after experiencing such magnificent beauty.
Almost every actor look like a layman.
I say check this out.
Well worth a look for adventurous horror fans I think.
This is probably the best of the three segments.
Reporter is particularly interested in what lead to the death of the participants.
Things get quite bloody.
Second story has a violent young criminal visiting a psychiatrist for mandatory therapy.
Has a pretty gory scene in there.
Moms never really home.
The kids always are picking on the poor kid.
Okay that was the easy part.
This is a great kids film.
I loved that the film does not follow a normal path.
Its also operating on more than one level.
Its the rage of being thrown away that fuels the monsters.
They run the gamut from cheesy to spectacular with stops everywhere in between.
Its way cool and it works.
I really loved this movie.
Its a great trip.
Flesh ripped clean to the bone.
and the blood runs red .
this savage Heart Stopper will grip you.
and give you some dark dreams .
I spotted the box for this one and grabbed it up.
I have to say I'm pretty glad I did.
I gotta say I really enjoyed TEARS OF KALI.
Peaches is truly a marvelous film.
It fully deserved to win best picture.
For me it works on every level and I have now seen it twice.
Or more particularly does not want to get it.
One has to wonder what people think they are looking at.
This manipulation of the media is pretty common down under.
I see it as a one dimensional film about anxiety.
Peaches in comparison is a master piece.
All made for TV.
But I would downgrade my initial rating from an 8 to perhaps a 6.
I liked the light and the girls.
I guess one must be in a certain mood to like the movie.
I really enjoyed the performances of the main cast.
Emma Lung is courageous and interesting.
The director has developed performances where the characters are not one dimensional.
A complex story with the changing between eras.
Depth of character can be appealing to the not so shallow.
The film has a good look and the cinematography is also good.
This story is beautifully acted.
Her findings along the way affect those closest around her.
I was at the same screenwriters conference and saw the movie.
I'm glad I saw it.
The story is being told fluidly.
There are no interruptions.
The flash backs are woven into the present seamlessly.
Her portrayal of a blind person was done convincingly.
The Cinematography is very good.
The English subtitles follow the Hebrew script very closely.
it is the way the it takes the blind girl to reach it.
He appeared in the movie in the beginning and sporadically throughout the rest.
This movie just continues that bad tradition.
The music was alright.
An enjoyable Batman animated film.
There was nice twist.
The trend continues here.
5 out of 10.
Same thing goes for Robin.
The late John Vernon will be missed.
The musical score and especially the soft sounding intro were superb.
And Batman is denying any affiliation with her.
Meanwhile Bruce Wayne has to deal with the usual romances and detective work.
This is definitely a movie no fan of Batman should be without.
the movie is presented in Pan and Scan.
Why they chose to make that same mistake here again is beyond me.
75 minutes is way too short for any movie.
I'm also not too sure about the new animation style used in this movie.
Also I think the fight with Bane should have been done better.
The score adds to the mysterious ambiance of the movie.
I can not believe the show only lasted 13 episodes.
The show is less than an hour long.
I felt this show took chances and often it worked.
It showed Americans who loved and chose to live in London.
The American characters were not arrogant or tried to outdo their British counterparts.
I felt this show should have lasted longer.
I remember this series so well.
Its a treat to watch the series again.
Season 1 is 13 episodes and season 2 seems to be 10 episodes.
This series was a lot of fun.
Sometimes you can get it on special at Amazon.
It begins with several of the principles on a stage run to Albuquerque.
This point will return to dominate the last scene in the film.
You can guess the results.
This leaves him with few options for making a living in the wild West.
Randolph Scott is heading into Albuquerque to take a job with his uncle.
and the robbers seem to know this.
I'm inclined to think not.
He even has the sheriff in his pocket.
Randolph Scott is not a cowboy hero for nothing.
That includes not backing relatives up when they are villains.
Still Albuquerque must have had great appeal to the GOP market.
The settings are superb and almost movie like.
I remember this movie.
Quite intense for an 11 year old.
A highlight of his career.
If they remade it I bet it would be very violent and bloody.
It was very intense.
I think it was filmed in Los Angeles.
and then they left the carcass on the stoop.
And we all know what movie people do when The System fails.
Moves at a nice pace to an exciting climax.
The teens do everything to annoy and harass this poor family.
He stands up to them and protects his home and his family.
A very good actor.
I watched this on TV when I was like 8 or 9.
I have never seen it again on TV and would like to.
They are kids and they act like kids would.
I felt it all.
Any girl can get pregnant the first time.
Not the fault of the actor in most cases.
The filmmakers should learn the difference between raunchy and erotic.
But everything else in the film seems cheap.
The sound is so terrible that you can barely hear what people are saying.
The woman also look like they are refuges from a porn shoot.
A nicely done thriller with plenty of sex in it.
I saw it on late night TV.
I will be honest with you.
I liked this movie.
I would recommend this movie to horror fans everywhere.
This movie is awesome on so many levels.
be they good or bad.
THIS is the formula that they are using.
THIS is what makes zombie movies so great.
And what makes it BETTER than great is the story behind the movie.
A simple web search will provide you with everything you need to know.
it moves quick and corners nicely.
that is because that music was lifted straight from the trailer.
Very few can hold up to it over the long haul.
However it does have one truly memorable scene.
Right up with the best in any western.
We have high expectations with this one .
It is a film that is far too often dismissed out of hand.
This is no Dawn of the Dead folks.
The script is wonderfully horrible.
The zombies come in all varieties.
it would probably satisfy most fans of action movies as well.
Flying Zombie Head 3.
Zombie with no legs swimming in a pool.
Born Again is a okay episode of Season 1.
Even though there is a LOT of bad writing and acting at parts.
I think the good over wins the bad.
I absolutely love that scene when Michelle confronts Tony.
You would think her parents would have been worried.
10 out of 10.
His opening scene is a classic.
The horror just keeps going as the critter tries to outrun the impossible.
Some characters wish for a forthcoming global warming.
The sensitive ones get eaten.
The animators also make majestic use of background landscapes that are coolly fantastic.
They begin as enemies and end as best friend.
The parents will enjoy the fact that for 90 min.
There are very few movies that are so funny as this one.
The real letdown is the animation.
Had fun watching this film.
This one really made me laugh a lot during the whole picture.
When I saw the trailers I just HAD to see the film.
The humor was absolutely great.
It suffers from unnecessarily flashy direction and occasional dumbness.
I'm surprised at the low rating for this.
He makes the movie all by himself.
This is my first CG animated film that I have ever seen.
Ice Age was sporadically funny and overall fun film to watch.
The visuals were great.
Blue Sky Studios is a company to look out for in the future.
Not too much of a kids film.
But I was surprised that I was a bit entertained by it.
I was a bit disappointed by the 81 minutes of time we had.
Right until the end of the movie.
Those two gripes docked the movie 2 stars.
But I do recommend the movie.
Even for a sequel.
The animation is superb.
Your heart really goes out to the characters in this film.
Nothing was forced or over done.
And before that it was The Land Before Time 1988.
Usually when storyline is copied like this the result is a disaster.
That does not apply here.
The worst part was the voice of Sid.
By about 5 minutes in I was sick of hearing him talk.
Aside from the annoying sloth voice the movie was good.
This is a good movie for kids.
He then pays toll with some aardvarks.
The gags in this movie are very funny.
I saw the movie with two grown children.
There parents also seemed engaged.
The death and apparent death of characters brought about the appropriate gasps and comments.
Hopefully people realize this movie was made for kids.
It had some sort of warmth.
Another great point about the movie is the beauty of the animation.
I can see why sequel is doing such great business at the box office.
He usually has something funny to say throughout the movie.
And how sometimes it takes many different creatures to make up a herd.
Gomez has something to do with this.
Once again the two bickering professors must join together to save the lost world.
A man seeking oil brings a drilling crew to the plateau.
The oil crew clash with the native people and the scientific expedition.
Although the situation looks hopeless.
This film was certainly a big change for Mr.
It feels as though the production was too rushed.
I think the comedy is light and nothing too heavy here.
I really recommend this film for everyone.
The supporting cast includes some really great performances.
Worth a watch for sure.
almost every review of this movie I would seen was pretty bad.
I gave it a 7.
Presenting Lily Mars is a fine showcase for the talents of Judy Garland.
The movie is great and I like the story.
Well in this film she looks perfect.
She is beautiful and shows that she has a flair for comedy.
Probably because they were done in black and white.
Rawhide was a tough western who had some tough guys in it.
They really do not make television series like these any more.
I would vote for him for President any day.
Rawhide was a wonderful TV western series.
Focusing on a band of trail drovers lead by the trail boss Gil Favor.
All of these actors left their mark in a piece of television history.
Later seasons tended to split the leads and give them individual story lines.
However there were still some classic stories and Rawhide remained top drawer affair.
We shall not see his like again.
The strength of this film is in its acting especially Papas as the Grandmother.
This is a gorgeous movie visually.
all amount to a real work of art.
The film only exists in a low quality VHS format.
The film also has some amazing costumes.
I'm only writing here to further encourage you to look for and see it.
It is such a unique film I hesitate to make comparisons.
It is the kind of production that almost motivates me to study film.
This story is universal.
I liked this movie.
It reminded me of Enemy Of The State.
Well acted and good enough plot.
I was not disappointed.
The movie is about a lot of things.
It raises a lot of questions but does not give answers.
I think sometimes this is good.
This movie is such cheesy goodness.
A bunch of people trapped in an abandoned school.
This is a Brit film made to be an American slasher.
It has all the characteristics of one.
The prank goes wrong and he ends up getting savagely burned.
However the dream finale is utterly pathetic.
Only for fans of truly bad slasher flicks.
I have been meaning to see this flick for the past few months.
I was actually surprised at how good it was.
I can certainly tell you that they are gory as well.
The acting is terrible but that is fine.
I love the story.
I really sympathize with Marty.
I give this movie 8 stars out of 10.
It turns fatal when he really gets hurt from one of their little pranks.
7 out of 10.
Both my friend and I thought this movie was well done.
Most of the supporting cast are veterans not first timers and they were solid.
If you do not buy rent it for a good time.
I wonder if it is because of the part he played in the movie.
When Marty open the curtain butt naked he realized that he was tricked.
The lab blows up disfiguring him badly.
One by one the people get killed off.
I do not understand how the girl who drowned really drowned.
she could have gotten back up after Marty left.
She almost got out the first time.
Then they finally break into the school and it starts storming.
Apparently you can only kill at nighttime.
Supposedly set in America this was very obviously shot in England.
What I saw in that movie stuck with me big time.
the exploding stomach from the tainted beer.
Classic crap all the way.
Slaughter High is about a boy named Marty.
The last prank ended tragically.
cue to 5 years later.
The gang of kids meet up again for a reunion.
One of them set it up at the old high school.
One girl feels sorry for Marty but another guy calms her down.
Every kills is creative and gory.
It appears Marty is back to exact revenge.
They begin looking for a way out.
it is a horror slasher.
WHO CARES if it has some illogical parts.
I for one do not.
This movie has really great deaths.
there is a twist.
I have lost count of how many reviews I have written on Slaughter High.
Must have been pretty embarrassing to say the least.
I first saw this movie when I was 12 in the sixth grade.
He looked like a teenager.
It is one of the few films in the genre that is enthralling throughout.
They are a bunch of sociopaths.
The ending makes little or no sense.
This is what slasher films are all about.
A good villain makes a good slasher.
I really liked this movie.
Of course the idea is pretty much out there.
Everyone should watch this.
Absolutely wonderful drama and Ros is top notch.
I highly recommend this movie.
They are ignoring a VERY good movie.
This woman was lonely since the death of her husband.
The character actors in this film were a great plus also.
Reviewed at the World Premiere screening Sept.
I had nowhere to go.
I was on a flight to Vancouver.
This is the most confronting documentary I have ever seen.
It was a simple and breathtaking view of a beautiful idea.
Put together in moving pictures it is truly a horror show.
The birthing of gigantic ships and their destruction by hand in giant graveyards.
It is not a simple right or wrong.
I really am shocked to see the number of reviews that lambaste this movie.
This is a world of relentless industrialization.
He admits himself that he takes no political stand.
It even seems a misnomer.
a further testament to the popularity and importance of this gem.
an academy award nomination for best documentary.
I read several mixed reviews and several of them downright trashed the movie.
And I feel that has been lacking in a lot of recent films.
And I really liked that part.
Their involvement in the movie only made it that much more enjoyable.
This is where this movie seems to have lost a lot of potential fans.
Hollywood films have grown predictable and bland.
And I'm glad that Scott tried to make something different.
We should all try to enjoy it for the fact that Scott and co.
took some chances and tried to deliver something that was different and unique.
All of what you see was the desired effect.
When I rented Domino I was expected it to be very dumb.
I also just enjoy based on fact adventure stories.
she could hardly have chosen to remake her image more dramatically.
Domino is a great movie.
The script is good.
She shows the right amount of anger and dedication in this performance.
It takes a regular movie and puts on acid.
The action scenes are exhilarating.
The cast is absolutely brilliant.
Anyone that watched that load of .
This movie portrays a difficult life.
I doubt much of this film is based on a true story.
They let her join the group.
I thought the story was entertaining and it had some laughs.
It could have been a little shorter.
The plot was different and unpredictable enough to hold my interest.
I thought the chases and pyrotechnics contributed to the film and were well done.
I think Tony Scott made a good movie here.
i found it to be rather awesome.
It has an edgy acid trip style provided by director Tony Scott.
Definitely a movie you will have to see twice in order to fully appreciate.
Experimental Cinematography barely describes this movie.
The flooding of imagery and dynamic.
It becomes a pastiche of MTV culture at this point.
7 out of 10.
This was one of my favorite series when I was a kid.
I was surprised to see the depth in which the organs was explained.
The premise of the show was to show you how the body works.
I'm so happy I found them here.
Actually this movie was not so bad.
A good film again from Korea.
The movie never claims to be something spectacular like many films do.
The films props itself as a fun and entertaining time.
And that is exactly what it was.
It is the Korean version of a male Bring It On.
Dream Quest was a surprisingly good movie.
But even then it is enjoyable.
This movie is quite excellent and beats out almost any movie.
It was one of the 1st movies i saw of her.
Jenna amazed us once more and no wonder the movie won so many awards.
specially the one where she looks like an angel.
This one is quite a nice surprise.
An unnecessary bit of cheapness came in some ridiculous castle imitation.
David Morse again is a wonderful portrayer of a cop.
His tough yet mostly quiet features are perfect for his role.
Morse ends up coming down hard on Hutchinson.
They are both perfect for this scenario in each film.
Overall it was a pretty good movie.
Maybe someday I will see the perfect combination of porn and plot.
You have to see this movie.
Watch out for this one.
Saw this movie twice at community screenings and really loved it.
I was satisfied with the way it was portrayed.
They were all just as excellent as the fellas.
I liked the music.
The characters were easy on the eyes.
I do agree the title sucks.
I watch them all.
I loved that the heroine was so atypically cast.
I enjoyed the stepping routines.
I liked the driven Mum character.
This movie surprised me.
some Wednesday night when nothing else is on.
I gave it a 9 for entertainment value.
Go see the movie and judge for yourself.
edit The movie is now moving closer to its correct rating.
I was a bit scared to watch this movie due to its rates.
I even cried at the end of the movie.
And the dancing routines are just sick.
I saw this movie when I was a little girl.
And I have enjoyed it every time.
I saw it in the original Spanish version only and thought it was wonderful.
It teaches children good vs.
the whole Santa Vs.
and an international kiddie sweat shop.
It never fails to make me laugh.
Parts of it can still make you cringe or just creep you out.
I saw this movie when Mystery Science Theater ran it in 1993.
It is the worst thing I have ever seen.
Whoever wrote this script with children in mind should be beaten.
There are symbols around the castle that either look like pentagrams or RAF stars.
What I remember most was the silly Devil and Santa looking through his telescope.
I waited and looked through the T.
Guide each year after that to see when it would be shown.
I would usually find it playing on a Saturday afternoon.
This movie has the best rendition of Santa Claus ever.
You owe yourself to watch this cinematic masterpiece.
Whoever says this movie is bad is an ignorant fool.
This movie surprised me.
some Wednesday night when nothing else is on.
I gave it a 9 for entertainment value.
I found the 1971 version quite boring.
I definitely thought it was worth at least a 7 rating.
There were a few things I liked about it.
This was a great role for him.
I had no idea this was the case when watching it.
I also found the story to be very absorbing.
I'm not one for action movies but I got sucked into this.
This was not a great movie but it is watchable.
I am not sure how I feel about the ending.
People have compared this to Smoky and the Bandit.
It was better then average to me but far from great.
My vote is 7 of 10.
I have to agree with most of the other posts.
Jamie keeps running into the Julio and whats his name.
She is a younger actress that is going to be viable.
I believe the two should not be compared or even connected.
Consider them as two different movies.
Rate them as two different movies.
The story begins with a dance that she attended as a young girl.
It was worth the wait and then some.
I actually ended up liking the movie better than the novel.
The loss seemed stronger.
She WAS Hagar through and through.
Christine Horne was brilliant and has many more great things ahead I am sure.
Her scenes with Cole Hauser were electrifying.
I really recommend this movie for a quiet Saturday afternoon.
I can only blame its current lowish rating of 6.
I would highly recommend it.
I had a chance to see a screening of this movie recently.
If it is in a theater near you.
She is so very different than the young woman that she plays in Juno.
It gives me an even broader appreciation for her acting ability.
This is a really interesting movie.
It is an action movie with comedy mixed in.
She plays her role well.
Even Jamie Kennedy is in this movie.
It deserves more credit than it is actually given.
I saw the movie recently and really liked it.
I surprised myself and cried.
The director does a masterful job with the challenge.
The first scene gets this across without any compromise.
Her edges are really hard.
She is belittling and selfish.
She is a stone.
I started to see the angel.
and I started to like her.
I thought this movie was hysterical.
I have watched it many times and recommend it highly.
The cast was fantastic.
I do not understand how this movie gets a 2 out of 5 rating.
His I just can not say enough about this movie.
Please put this movie on more often.
I can not see it enough.
In this movie she was very funny.
and her and Mel did a great job together.
They should put more of his movies on TV.
this is a classic with so many great dialogs and scenes nobody should miss.
The black and the white always present in our lives.
I would definitely recommend it.
I watched it for the second time with my children.
They absolutely loved it.
Brooks claims that he can life like a homeless man for a month.
His shocked and amused friends accept this unusual wager.
I liked the way Mel Brooks pays homage to Charles Chaplin in this film.
Recommended for Mel Brooks fans.
This is a charming movie.
That was one of several moments that were wonderfully memorable.
When this movie came out just about everyone slammed it.
Years later I sat down to watch this movie and I found myself enjoying.
Even laughing quite a bit.
Doug Hutchinson is okay as Bristol.
David Morse is good as the hard edged treasury agent.
Both him and Jamie had some funny moments on screen.
The director went all out there so he gets points for that.
All in all Bait is not a bad movie by a long shot.
That should count for something.
Bait is one of the most underrated movies of 2000 period.
Story of a man who has unnatural feelings for a pig.
Starts out with a opening scene that is a terrific example of absurd comedy.
Even those from the era should be turned off.
Future stars Sally Kirkland and Frederic Forrest can be seen briefly.
The production values are alright if nothing spectacular.
Followed by The Concorde .
Even the romantic scenes came across as being merely the actors at play.
I just do not know.
He never convinced me he was in love with the princess.
I was disappointed in this movie.
The absence of a sound track was brutal.
I really had a hard time just getting through this film.
Otherwise this was a ripoff of Bergman.
But Woody Allen is no Ingmar Bergman.
The film is painfully slow and dull.
Everyone speaks in affected platitudes and elevated language between cigarettes.
Woody Allen chose to make characters so immersed in themselves we feel left out.
And for that reason I found this movie painfully self indulgent and spiritually draining.
I would have to agree with that.
That was an old poem.
This film is mediocre at best.
Angie Harmon is as funny as a bag of hammers.
Hopefully that effort produces better results.
The film is bad.
There is no other way to say it.
He was great and most likely will never get recognized for it.
This film is one giant pant load.
who plays social companion to the bored wives of the Washington elite.
This movie is not worth your time.
Characters are interesting though sometimes.
Not realistic but interesting nevertheless.
Development is slow like tea drinking ceremony.
Had to fight the plot inadequacy and did the job pretty good.
The rest are bearable though very predictable.
The whole is watchable and better than most TV shows.
The fact that it lacks any thrills or action scenes aggravates the boredom.
Blame it on the poor plot and even worse pacing.
This movie must be in line for the most boring movie in years.
Not even woody Harrison can save this movie from sinking to the bottom.
It seemed to be included only to titillate the viewers.
This one is definitely one to miss.
It is not a horror or science fiction movie.
The characters are unlikeable and the script is awful.
Not one good reason not to see this movie.
Or so i thought .
Why o Why did i forget that.
BUT MOSTLY THIS HALF PROMISES MORE THAN IT DELIVERS.
WHICH MAKES THE SECOND HALF ALL THE MORE UNBEARABLE.
ALL THE WHILE YOU ARE SUBJECTED TO ONE ABSURDITY AFTER THE OTHER.
Cannot relieve the trauma anymore.
Please do not watch this movie for any reason other than academic interest.
But nothing on earth can save you if you script is bland.
But it is not slick.
But this setup is not utilized to properly.
There could have been a better mix and match of their narrations.
Actions sequences are from the seventies.
But he is in his stereotyped self.
You will not mind missing this film.
Every actor who otherwise is an asset to a movie is simply wasted.
After the faulty script the weakest point of the movie is its music.
The songs start off very well and suddenly the tunes drop drastically.
I am still thinking who wrote this.
Me and my friends were laughing our guts off watching this crappy fights.
you got to see this to understand how bad the action sequences are.
The other thing about the movie is the far too predictable story.
do not see this one thinking that it is a real gangster movie.
1 man with a handgun managed to kill about 100 men with machine guns.
Race was hot on heels and that is a million times better.
This type of movies are actually made for flop.
But he has fully developed himself in the acting field.
I just saw the movie in theater.
The movie has very few good points to talk about.
The movie is a complete disappointment in all areas.
But the worst I feel about the movie is the action scenes.
They spend their time on songs and publicity of the movie.
All the action scenes I wish I could have forwarded.
This is height of stupidity.
Audience is not paying to watch such stupidity.
They cant make it.
The storyline was okay.
There was nothing much to do for him in the movie.
Said Ali khan was alright.
Is the Indian police so stupid that they are trying to nab some criminals.
The action was crap and I have never seen such bad action.
and he shooting back at them.
I think the fight director who thought of this scene should take retirement.
I strongly recommend NOT TO SEE THIS MOVIE.
I was very displeased with this move.
Everything was terrible from the start.
Even the storyline was weightless.
The actors worked way too hard and did not help the film at all.
I think Hindi stunt directors should research how action movies are done.
They tend to exaggerate way too much.
Good Luck next time.
Utter waste of time.
background music is so loud that you can not understand speech.
Hell you can slim down but you can not gain grace.
Great deal of cheapness is filled in.
This movie is horrible.
Though the scenery is great.
I have always wanted to go to Greece.
He was sensational in this movie.
The toiletries award for the worst performance.
By the way the trophy should be a toilet seat.
She now wants to prove to herself that she surpasses her.
The idea was good but horribly exploited.
good ingredients in competent hands.
hear the airplay and you wont be disappointed.
Such a long awaited movie.
India has been shot beautifully.
A Screenplay writer 4.
A stunt coordinator 5.
in a mere 2.
But thats just me.
I could be wrong You have been warned anyways.
This is the biggest Flop of 2008.
She was unbearable throughout the film.
Even the film the story of the film is not making sense at all.
The episode go ons for a while introducing characters blah blah blah.
These directors are mailing this tripe in.
Horror fans live in a constant lack of nourishment.
your build up has to have a payoff that exceeds build up.
Not the other way around.
You will see Mr.
McDermott has fun with his role.
This poor handling of an intriguing premise left me bewildered.
I condemn this movie.
we get so see added footage of Brando.
interesting but not exactly Oscar worthy stuff.
Susannah York was hardly a slouch.
Tweaking that scene made that line quite absurd.
It seems like a winning situation.
And it is only a very few times.
The best effects in this are from the original productions.
But that only highlights the problems of this release.
Watch the opening scene at the Daily Planet.
The entire assembly is filled with questionable choices like this.
The sloppiness extends to the military missile as well.
I was fascinated as to how truly bad this movie was.
I am truly amazed.
I was expecting a documentary that focused on the tobacco industry in North Carolina.
And this went on and on.
I grew up near the area where Mr.
The plot is basically a shallow checklist of Frankenstein clichs.
But it is crap.
this movie is actually worse than the first one.
The voice acting SUCKED.
The ending REALLY SUCKED.
I'm still cry to this day thinking about that horrible turd of a movie.
do not even get me started on that horrible mess of a film.
or Bowling For Columbine.
It is just an animation it should be on video.
in the first one the interaction between the characters were decent.
Much worse than the original.
I figured that it is about time I let this one out.
They are excellent movies.
They are all enjoyable and fun to watch.
My first gripe with this came with no narration.
It was fun and enjoyable.
I hear comments that say it was better because the moral was more subtle.
A lot of the other stuff is kind of nit picking.
Some pretty funny lines.
I have imported the third one and find it very enjoyable.
I will be importing the fourth one as well.
You have forsaken me for the last time.
Everything else is not.
This is an awful film.
Yea the girls are pretty but its not very good.
I like schlock films but this is ridiculous.
I need not watch this again.
Obviously these sort of things will ruin some peoples lives.
The captain is this short whiny guy who speaks in such a high tone.
I could go on with these.
The better pair to watch are Ms.
But unfortunately it is not enough.
The main difference between eastern and western culture is we do not make ethnocentrism.
The change is only in the sex.
I prefer to watch the first Grease.
It was Disney story gone horribly awry.
Although in the previous film Olivia Newton St.
A misfire on the lowest of levels.
The magic is gone and you are left feeling dirty and disturbed.
The story has massive holes in it.
Rent Personal Best instead.
This movie is nothing.
I laughed all the way through this rotten movie.
Hattie McDaniel must be turning in her grave.
They changed the title of this atrocity to An Unexpected Love.
The only thing worse is the film itself.
Direction is staggeringly bad.
No wonder Lifetime has such a bad reputation.
How do things like this get made.
It is usually a mixture of emotions and values that come into play.
The film is nothing special.
I remember watching this film in the eighties as a teenager.
Definitely a waste of money.
This project was the worst film in movie making history.
The fun begins with the cast of international nobodies.
The sets are excruciatingly bad.
We are talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise.
I will not spoil anything by revealing the shock ending.
The spirit of Ed Wood lives on.
Do not waste your time watching this film.
This movie is a joke.
I can not believe that this movie was ever created.
The zombies look like they applied too much eye makeup.
The zombies are only in the movie for a few minutes.
It is never explained.
I cant believe blockbuster carries this movie.
It was SO BAD.
I was totally fooled by the box art.
I am so disappointed.
The synopsis on the back says she is only 17.
If anyone actually liked this flick then I have lost all faith in humanity.
And do not even get me started on the story compared to the title.
Or the fact that the entire movie was done all in 2 locations.
This movie is an insult to the zombie genre and all of its fans.
Cause the cover to the movie is the only sweet thing about.
Someone actually gave this movie 2 stars.
I wrongly assumed it was about zombies.
6 to save others from the same horrible fate that I just suffered.
This film has to be the worst I have ever seen.
The title of the film deceives the audience into thinking there maybe hope.
So I'm not expecting much.
But it should at least have a story.
Stories do not cost a thing except time.
The picture of the zombie on the front cover NEVER appears in the movie.
It was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre.
The running time is only 81 minutes but it felt like 2 hours.
It ended up being a free rental and I still feel ripped off.
Not worth the video rental or the time or the occasional efforts.
many things made no sense or just seemed gratuitous.
must have been on crack.
just pisses me off.
he was the best looking zombie of all.
The Cover Art was good but very deceiving.
great artwork and music.
There are lots of loop holes and mistakes in the movie.
The only person that give a all out performance is Dylan McDermott.
LL Cool J is terrible in this film.
He says every line the same way and shows pretty much the same emotion.
The ending is far from satisfying.
usually I support independent art and i try to be very comprehensive and tolerant.
and a promising plot.
see it only if you really do not have anything else better to do.
DO NOT LET THAT FOOL YOU.
This movie needs to be banned from all shelves around the world.
This movie had me going.
The title was perhaps the greatest idea that I heard.
As you can see there is nothing about the nation nor a county involved.
Where to begin with the severity this cinematic disaster caused our nation.
The scenes I saw were as bad as an Ed Wood movie.
There is a fist fight where the punches clearly miss by about TEN FEET.
He tells his cop partner to wait in the car.
Then he comes out of the warehouse carrying a duffel bag.
Says the filmmaker has some sort of cult following in the description.
I could have used that advice.
Zombie Nation is just like Troll 2 in that it is completely misnamed.
The women then act very poorly and take their revenge.
This film was crap in every category.
You see glimpse of breasts in the opening sequence.
Guess only one actress was willing to go topless for this trite.
net instead of renting it.
The fun begins with the cast of international nobodies.
The sets are excruciatingly bad.
We are talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise.
I will not spoil anything by revealing the shock ending.
The spirit of Ed Wood lives on.
He is the worst out there.
The acting was incredibly awful and same to the camera shots.
The editing is easily the worst.
I wasted 45 minutes of my life.
I rented this movie last week.
He puts absolutely no emotion to any of his lines whatsoever.
Kevin Spacey was another big disappointment.
He is just inspired.
Morgan Freeman is good but nothing special.
He has some really cool lines though.
I'm not even kidding.
It was a waste of my time and money.
The case the movie came in is definitely a disguise.
Nothing in the movie looks like the zombie on the front of the case.
Which watching the credits was the best part of the movie.
I wish i would have watched it before i rented it.
You will be demanding your money back.
99 to rent this tonight and I feel ripped off.
He really is the Ed Wood Jr.
i have discovered that this film gets rented based off of the packaging.
then you get to the movie and it is women with raccoon masks on.
and even the fight scenes you can see them miss punches by 2 feet.
the real horror in this film is how bad it is.
This is one of the worst films ever.
I like cheesy movies but this is simply awful.
I have no one to blame except myself.
I want my money and time back.
DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE.
It will be much more enjoyable.
I honestly want the last 30 minuets of my life back.
They talked like regular people.
One drove a car.
I brought it home and put it on.
This movie was not the B Horror movie that I had in mind.
This was MUCH worse.
He needs to work at a garbage dump shoveling crap where he belongs.
If you are thinking about renting this or buying it.
And with good reason.
You just know the director was not in control.
Freeman is clearly slumming.
A young couple receives an inheritance that they believe will make them happy.
They spend the money traveling about the world and living a very hedonistic existence.
They use the money go traveling.
The low point may be the couple dining on Chinese prepared cat.
There is almost no style or craft to it at all.
They make plans for a world cruise.
But their problems have only begun.
Subtlety was still to come.
this would have been what you got.
Words alone can not describe how bad this is.
It is hard to discern much romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne.
you make me sick.
The acting was so awful that it was almost funny.
Life is too precious to rent this movie.
Oh what a fool I was.
Apparently you can fly from the US to the middle east in an hour.
The camera would randomly zoom in on actors and skip to random scenes.
All in all I rank it right up there with Snakes on a Plane.
I was happy when they both were popped in the street.
It would have been much enjoyable without him.
Something misplaced for this cops movie I thought.
This movie should have never been made.
What a shame of the budget.
Definitely not worth watching.
His movies are getting worser every time.
The film is mostly machine guns firing and bodies dropping dead.
His best was just fodder for bored teenagers.
The characters are all cardboard.
The story is double lame.
I can not spoil it by telling you the ending.
Made with some surplus Air Force and Navy flying film.
Get some Popeye cartoons instead.
The introduction to side characters is badly done for example.
He never disappeared for long periods during the film.
The film is just middle of the road.
Morgan Freeman pretty much carried the whole movie.
He was has some funny scenes which are the high point of the movie.
Overall it is a Dull movie.
a lot of bad acting or wrong roles for actors.
Davidson at 6200 ft.
Louis and East of San Francisco.
Three days later they discovered that on that day the South capitulated.
Not a bad idea for the movie.
The same kind of goofiness is lathered over sap and corn throughout the movie.
Flynn and the gang are always great no matter what history they are destroying.
If Flynn would just play his rotten self I would double my rating.
but I did like the idea behind it.
everyone else just winds up dead.
The main drawback to this movie is that the acting is pretty bad.
The actors playing the killers are kind of fun.
The movie pretends to be done all in one take.
how can this movie have a 5.
first the actors were really bad i mean chainsaw Charlie was so retarded.
the only good thing about this movie is the idea of this t.
I loved her character.
She thinks people who enjoy such a show are sick.
I think she made her argument very well.
I love the sadism of the doctor.
The Chainsaw hick was hilarious.
I give this film 4 out of 10.
I was happy when the main character flashed her boobs.
That was pretty tight.
Before and after that the movie pretty much blows.
They said many stupid things that made me laugh.
Anybody that thinks this movie is good should be mentally evaluated.
so anyway i would recommend you watch it and make up your own mind.
this could have been a GREAT film.
from some of the actors alright.
it is downright horrible.
that aside the idea is great and the format is great.
i really want to see this remade.
i really want it to be the fantastic film that it wants to be.
I kinda thought about suing them for torture.
This movie is RELENTLESS.
I can only envy people who find movies like this funny.
I tried lowering the volume.
I lowered it from 18 to 14.
Then from 14 to 10.
No animals anywhere to be seen.
I can not believe that Spacey and Freeman were in this flick.
I rented this flop with low expectations.
This town is dull and so is this film.
Its a predictable movie with no surprises.
This film was recommended to me by a friend who lives in California.
This takes stigma against mental illness to a new level.
The title is cause for contemplation.
These characters are the ones people refer to as those that put George W.
back in office for a second term.
San Francisco is a big city with great acting credits.
The Chinatown story was the most effective and interesting.
The white boy intro was pointless.
They threw away some good opportunities.
They are equally intolerable but always distinguishable.
You have seen it done before and you have seen it done better.
about ten minutes before the ending.
Good concept placed in the wrong hands.
This TV movie goes to show that bad films do exist.
I really do not know why I watched this.
But things seem to fall apart for him.
Too bad I was wrong.
and can not believe it.
In fact football is nothing more than a plot device and an after thought.
The cast sleepwalks its way through the thing with no one really looking good.
The movie also lacks any pace.
The filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but basically made me groan.
The characters in this movie are incredibly politically and socially astute for teenagers.
Very little of what the characters said were believable.
Combine the bad writing and bad acting this movie just totally fail.
Then it went all down hill.
They took every possible controversial topic and threw it into one stupid story.
Everything else about this movie irritated me.
No wonder most of the cast wished they never made this movie.
The Watts riots with a cast of.
I kept debating whether to walk out of it.
The store was not at all interesting or engaging.
Was a 3rd rate America Graffiti imitation.
None of the performances make it worth watching either.
Film makers bit off more than they could chew.
Almost like a Broadway musical where actors have to ham it up.
We do not first see him on the football field.
Serious ideas can grow in the most mundane settings.
But real life is like that.
It is too childish for adults.
This movie is a disgrace to the Major League Franchise.
I live in Minnesota and even I can not believe they dumped Cleveland.
This movie makes no sense at all.
The music seemed like it was trying to be like Batman.
on the A List.
This movie is a disgrace to the Major League Franchise.
I live in Minnesota and even I can not believe they dumped Cleveland.
This movie is so bad it is funny.
It started out good but became so boring after the first half hour.
So actions are taken but she eventually gets caught.
The cast is awful and the movie drags on too long with nothing happening.
This is one very dire production.
i am sorry it has only cuteness to defend it.
It has little intrinsic artistic value.
It is a brochure.
All else is plain commercial dross.
The rest of the movie is merely treading water to kill time I guess.
As moronic as it sounds.
This juxtaposition alone makes the film laughable.
You will believe that the future looks.
The acting is flat and flavorless.
all fall flatter than a paper doll under a briefcase.
but then again I was only 12 years old.
This film is pretty bad.
The movie lasted entirely too long and was perilously boring.
One of the lamer wedding movies you will see.
No poker fan in this world likes this movie.
Even your money man hates this project.
Keep your day job.
Plan 9 from Outer Space has slightly more coherency.
If you play poker though you might want to have a laugh.
I hate movies made by religious people.
Especially ones who think they know something about things they know nothing about.
They must be envious of Johnny Chan for getting in Rounders.
When I first saw this film it was not an impressive one.
The subject matter is puerile and the performances are weak.
I do not see any point here.
I rather get myself beaten than watch this movie ever again.
Apparently they were right.
this is not a movie you want to give a credit for its story.
Just recalling the movie is making me sick already.
this however is not one of them.
Whoever is funding this guy .
Definitely not even a popcorn film .
An updated version of a theme which has been done before.
Not worth sitting through for the tired contrived ending.
remembering to lock your front door when you go out.
Or putting clothes back on when you come out of the shower.
The crippling issue here is that the two leads are hopeless.
pretty much none of the characters were likable.
the ending was not worth watching at all.
the movie looked rushed also.
and it also had some very cheap ways to cover plot holes.
the plot seemed to be going in the right direction.
or just a lot was edited from the movie.
no where in the movie does the title fit the movie.
I suppose the title works for the previews.
Actors did well with what they had.
do not waste your time or money.
instead of wasting this guy that has caused you SO MUCH grief.
he talks to him.
He grabs the good guy and talks to him while holding his gun.
It jumped everywhere without going anywhere.
People get put in comas and you forget about them.
Damn what a stupid movie.
perhaps except for Sonny.
Many scenes badly out of focus.
Overacting in the extreme.
It will clue you in and what you are supposed to feel.
Peggy is one of the gang who comes along for the ride.
I wish I would opted for The Prestige.
The phone rang again.
Her quick trust of him is a mighty big leap of faith.
A profound and powerful end to an almost perfect film.
An end that would have been debated for weeks.
I do not often cry.
I hope your original script ended the movie the first time.
So far so ordinary.
Then comes the ending.
Now that is what I call exploitation.
Everything he did in this film was unconvincing.
This movie had so much promise.
The third and final section involves the totally gratuitous slaughter of an Indian village.
This one I'm afraid is not very much better.
Flora Robson is as ugly as ever as Queen Elizabeth.
Her battle message to the English troops is so lackluster in spirit.
Even a dashing Laurence Olivier can not save this utter piece of boredom.
I remembered the title so well.
Well Flora Robson was great.
The same role but with different sumptuous gowns.
And the same voice.
That about sums it up too.
I disliked this movie.
The cinematography was good.
The mood was nice.
And the acting was satisfactory.
It is also offensive.
It manages to be sexist and racist at exactly the same time.
This only made sense in fifties Hollywood.
Madison is just a jerk who gets unrealistically lucky.
Total waste of time.
Give this one a big miss.
I do not think I will be watching again.
Happened upon a copy of this.
Any understanding of the medium of film is absent.
I'm afraid it is not even entertainingly bad.
continuing to write his own scripts and using the same actors for another venture.
And finally last but not least the acting is appalling.
When thinking about Captivity many words come to mind.
That is the single twist and punchline of the film.
This film is asinine.
The gore is gratuitous and simply revolting.
I have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema.
I omitted to mention that I managed to get in to the film free.
so I can afford to laugh about it.
I was still tempted to ask for my money back.
it really was THAT bad.
The movie obviously had great reviews.
I will cut to the chase.
It is too bad he chose to do such a weak film.
He was quite clearly the best character in the movie.
This was certainly a performance that will not win Morgan Freeman any awards.
I was hoping to see more from him in this film.
His portrayal of a young journalist was poorly acted and unpersuasive.
These scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable.
He starts out having guns and not using them.
Make me believe that the story is true.
I can not give it any points on originality.
Survival falls up way short against comparable films.
The plot was just not original in ANY way.
I mention 2 standouts.
The grainy film look.
In this case it just does not work.
They will probably pull it off.
That is all I have to say about that.
This is an incomprehensible horribly low budget piece of awfulness.
And not in a its so bad it is good cult way.
Avoid or even better destroy.
90 percent of the cast are white males about same age.
The movie has no plot.
It simply repeats the same action of blood bath after blood bath.
There are some funny scenes and comedic bits.
But they do not redeem the flat monotony.
I can see where the story idea is intriguing.
He plans to make a Part 2.
This is the biggest pile of crap I have ever watched.
Not one good thing to say about this crap movie.
If you rent this movie you will waste your money.
There is a whole application and vetting process to joining our organization.
In short it does a disservice to our organization.
I welcome any comments.
I can not even explain this movie.
One of Lees worst.
at least that is the best I can figure.
Moments later he finds out that China has suffered a major earthquake.
being a big fan of mega star actor Christopher lee i was fooled.
i heard Christopher lee was tricked into making this film.
1 out of 10.
there is nothing new with Edison.
the acting was bad and the direction was even worse.
this was the best casted direct to video movie i have ever seen.
some examples of just bad silly moments in Edison.
3 guys being shot in the head.
this movie is the opposite of good.
A good deal of running around.
A badly conceived adversary with very little complexity.
He becomes rather traitorous in the process.
There is a scene where he gives them everything they want.
This is a dull movie with lots of long stretches where little happens.
This is what editing is all about.
This movie suffers from a low budget and it is production values are disturbing.
for the love of Christopher.
He and his wife eventually figure out that the messages come from a convent.
I have never seen such a dull movie in my life.
They do not care about anything.
STARSHIP INVASIONS is terrible but terribly entertaining.
I do not blame him.
That is the only question I am left with.
The acting was bad and there was no plot.
Also why would they have a doctor playing a xylophone to kill the monster.
Just plain bad do not even waste your time.
They have very bad aim.
What is there to say about this film.
I can not believe this movie was financed by someone and made.
You knew who the killer was right from the start.
this movie is outrageous.
that was not intelligent.
His acting was PAINFUL to observe.
I would not waste money on this one at the theater or on video.
Crazy Nurse then proceeds to torture Ross and Rachel and.
by making their fears come to life.
This movie had to be the worst horror movie I have ever seen.
When we got home and popped in the movie.
But I can only take so much.
This movies simply has no good scares to offer.
It can not even be enjoyed as camp.
This movie is a complete waste of time.
They truly think they have created something of substance.
My vote is four.
but this film is near unwatchable.
There were sure a bunch of RAVE REVIEWS posted on December 30.
I feel totally ripped off.
95 I spent at Blockbuster to rent this homemade mess.
somebody MUST have been doing some heavy drugs the night that deal was made.
The quality of this work is also just SO VERY bad to view.
the single worst film i have ever seen in a theater.
especially when they attempted to sing in harmony.
and that just addresses the music.
This movie was so terrible it was almost good.
Alex predictably falls for the daughter while warming to the mother.
The films only saving grace is the setting of New York City.
I would so NOT recommend this film.
I hated the mother character so much I had to turn the channel.
This is a sad movie with a stupid ending.
Of course the mother had her own flaws.
I'm not even sure what genre they are going for here.
this episode makes a mockery of the entire show.
The way they tried to answer some of the remaining questions in the game.
But that is almost beside the point.
It simply will not fly.
Dylan McDermott is also a breath of fresh air.
Directors must make tough choices.
Burke missed the mark here.
And it is not particularly an exciting puzzle to begin with.
I watched parts and deemed it just too dumb to review again.
I could be wrong.
She may as well have killed herself.
I have tons of patience for films that are slow to blossom.
My wife has double the attention span that I do.
It started fairly strong with a promising plot.
then she bakes cookies.
We FF would through several extended sequences of her just staring off into space.
Artificial depth was implied when she played with the mud and cried.
About halfway through you just do not care anymore.
We just wanted to see at least one of the plot lines develop.
I'm shocked it scores so high.
Then characters with no personality do not develop.
Obviously this means that we should stick to Hollywood dross.
Almost a self parody drowning in its own pretense.
The best way to describe this film is alienating for its viewers.
No doubt a more erudite critic could construct a more adequate definition.
Her attempts are too arty and oblique.
Small wonder Ramsey has Morton undress often.
and her disposal of him.
The nadir was the chop shop for her dead boyfriend.
As the movie came to a close I had two thoughts.
Now I see why her boyfriend killed himself.
But he goes on watching it none the less.
That is his right as an American I guess.
Or thats at least what I think that would feel like.
Never has a film had so many mistakes in it.
That fact probably describes Norwegian race relations in general.
The narrative plays on typical teenage dreams and fantasies and lifestyle role models.
To polished and lacking in depth.
HE CAN'T DISARM HIM.
Thereafter I would not waste my time.
its all about the numbers.
Totally ludicrous TV show.
This is really really bad.
Lamas shows just how a second rate actor does his job.
Talk about seeing into the future.
Too funny for words.
The rest of the movie is forgettable.
The score and songs are more interesting than the script.
Which begs the question of why they would do a sequel at all.
My understanding was that foreign sales drives a lot of these B movies.
Simpson is perhaps the worst in cinema history.
However when compared to O.
I only saw CIA because of the renewed interest around the O.
The script has some gaping holes.
I was so startled that I laughed until champagne came out of my nose.
Now THAT'S a Guilty Pleasure.
Shame on this film for even existing.
Not everything was disappointing.
I can not believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny.
Not once were any of the scenes believable.
The shots were badly timed and poorly framed.
This movie just stunk.
I am glad a show like this came on the air.
The new Christian vicar has destroyed the entire intent of the show.
It has always been about living together to overcome prejudice.
The new vicar ruins that premise and shows Christians in a very bad light.
Just cancel it and be done with it.
Bring back the old format.
The wigs and accents are terrible.
Like his death showed us he was too nice if anything.
That made me laugh for days.
Little Mosque is one of the most boring CBC comedies I have ever seen.
The jokes are all predictable and so deathly lame I can not believe it.
This series just gets worse and worse.
By trying so hard to offend no one they end up insulting everyone.
Gum disease is less painful.
Pull the plug on this amateurish mess.
But not 30 minutes.
If I never see these characters it will be too soon.
And the acting is so bland.
None of these people actually embody the characters they play.
Watch any American sitcom and you will see how easily identifiable characters are.
That level of disinterest in the characters and the project shows.
I doubt that CBC has sufficient sitcom talent to pull off something so subtle.
Even an infomercial would be an improvement.
I think the show had a pretty good concept to work with.
But the execution was poor.
The script is poor and acting is bad.
Till now second season is worse than the first one.
Still I appreciate CBC for putting up such concept in front of the viewers.
Anyway I wish best of luck for the future.
I'm trying to picture the pitch for Dark Angel.
B O R I N G.
Yellow clues wherever you look.
3 out of 10 limping killers.
I was really disappointed in this movie.
Those that voted this thing a 10 have a screw lose.
The ending was sorry.
No way could I recommend this mess.
Now most of the rest of the film was okay.
The movie is just destroyed in the third act.
What a let down.
This movie is just plain dumb.
One is so poorly drawn that he succumbs to a popcorn attack.
Other parts of the movie are right out of the Three Stooges play book.
However it is rather disappointing.
This is one of the worst films I have ever seen.
I wish I had.
It disregards the novel a lot and changes all sorts of factors.
Its an insult to one of the greatest writers of the 20th century.
I'm a huge Plath fan and this movie was a complete disappointment.
Several problems with the film were apparent from what I saw.
I just wish it was all intact.
All the acting by the support folks in this film is fine.
The film begins with Ingrid Bergman coming to work for the Stoddard family.
and most likely did the same to the audiences back in 1941.
This just flies against common sense and made the film a silly melodramatic mess.
The film suffers because of poor writing.
They were approximately the same ages as the four boys in this film.
The sons and also their governess Ingrid Bergman.
Bergman has to be let go.
Possibly that could be the reason for the many plot holes we have.
Susan Hayward is the main reason to see Adam Had Four Sons.
I was appalled by the many omissions of crucial parts of the story.
Meg did well in school and neither her nor her father wore glasses.
And that is just the beginning.
This is just one major example how the book and movie are different.
Scrappy was the stupid brave puppy that always looked ready to beat someone up.
The reason for this is the fact that she has been mutated beyond belief.
The story is a mess.
I am very sorry that this film exists.
I do not believe that the actors were genuinely bad.
Some might say that this symbolizes high adventure.
This movie barely followed the story line of the movie.
Next i will say that the TV movie is pretty forgettable.
I told you it was forgettable.
A wrinkle in time includes only one.
As is this one.
A wrinkle in time is a waste of time and a big time waster.
But within a few minutes.
This is a movie that you should really pass on.
It is just not worth seeing.
It is very boring and uninteresting.
I feel that it would even be that way to small children.
It has no magic that the book contains.
There are moments that just come off as weird.
The witch character is not very good.
Skip this film and read the book instead.
I am still waiting for that movie.
This one was A Wrinkle in Time in only the broadest of senses.
Plus it is got built in quality sequels.
It is a complicated and emotional story for kids.
There was no reason to write a fight between the three Mrs.
It looks like earth.
It has people on it that look like humans.
But something is a little bit off.
I unfortunately did not watch the end.
Maybe someone can tell me how Disney messed up the end as well.
Overall an artistic disappointment.
The beginning of the film is really a stinker.
But seriously they were all done terribly and not serial in any way possible.
If you read the book you will be crushed by the movie.
A half could have been useful.
To say I was disappointed with this film would be a great understatement.
Starting from the name of the movie.
The direction was weak.
I had a hard time getting into the characters.
It just seemed slapped together and rushed through.
All in all I was very disappointed with the movie.
Yet it is easy for any child or adolescent to understand.
Its unwavering morals are prevalent throughout the book.
This film adaptation can be seen as nothing but a mockery of Ms.
This was a horrible attempt at bringing this book to the screen.
I sure wish I could id it.
This movie needs to be X would.
This thriller should have buried.
What a piece of crap.
Who writes this crap.
Most likely due to the number of cameos in this movie.
Good thing for them that hardly anyone will see it.
These were over 80 minutes of semi unexpected boredom.
The movie lacks coherence and characters seem to have no common sense at all.
Just about any movie comes to mind that is better than this.
I was writing better stories than this in 8th grade.
The characters are flat and boring with no development.
The plot is as recycled as an aluminum can.
Avoid this bomb like it will infect you with an STD.
Perry fans will be accepting.
Yet another ridiculously overrated old film with Bogey.
The character clichs are all here.
I do not think so.
A load of crap.
This is one of those films that I could only sit through once.
The movie just clumped along with no cohesion.
A family moves into a old house in Japan.
This naturally makes a 3 minutes scene stretch out to about 7 or 8.
This is a rotten movie.
The cast seem to know just how bad it was.
it starts badly and by the end is truly bad.
the acting is woeful.
the script could of been written on the spot.
and although the movie is a horror film it has no scary scenes.
Crap 1 out of 10.
They delayed release for over a year.
Absurd is a word that comes to mind.
You should be able to get the idea from what I have already mentioned.
Then it jumps to present day.
well 1982 to be precise.
The fight scene between Albert and Doug McClure must be seen to be believed.
I'm giving this a 2 just for her and the gory opening and closing.
None of the characters come across as being even remotely human.
Hard to believe this was one of the best films submitted.
Earlier the monk had offered to help.
Almost immediately the film goes into clich mode.
An OK time waster.
There are giant crabs that attack a girl.
It is amazingly bad.
They are the size of large cats.
Drink much beer before you see this movie.
But I may be wrong.
Raising victor Vargas is just a bad film.
Do yourselves a favor and pass on this film.
It just bored me.
This movie could be easily shortened to under 45 minutes.
I also found many plot holes within the already badly written plot.
That would be an excellent time.
It would probably be more shocking and disturbing that way.
Maybe to show that these rapists are really imbeciles.
All do well with the scripts they were given.
So much for the good.
The average would include the sets.
It is clear then that the Dower House is far too big.
Now to the bad.
Jess is made into a psychologically disturbed young woman who will not speak.
Aunt Biddy still has a drink problem but now without any justification.
The word limit prevents me from continuing the list.
To say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement.
This is very much like a not so bad student film.
This is very poor.
Please do yourselves a favor and avoid this incompetent concoction.
The first Tremors movie was great.
The second one was ridiculous.
The third one was nauseating.
And this movie just drives the stake deeper.
Mildly entertaining I suppose.
Movies like this that ruin the original just make me crazy.
Dear dear dear dear dear.
But this is so bad we had problems seeing the whole thing.
This was some kind of Tremors for kids.
I can not believe this movie was made at all.
If you are older than 14 you will have serious problems with this movie.
Still makes me grin when I think about it.
But that only happened one more time sadly.
nothing could ever top that.
so it is pretty much downhill from there.
So tops here are demonic trouts and overacting.
If anybody ever tells you this is a good movie.
This movie has got to be the worst of the tremors by far.
I will leave it at that.
Just a few words.
This movie really sucks.
Tremors 4 was obviously shot on a cripplingly low budget.
Well the writers of the first Tremors are officially out of ideas.
Pretty good for straight to video.
All the action scenes were stupid.
Such sad and unusual self destruction.
This film should be avoided at all costs.
There are no reasons to watch this movie.
I would long suspected Sam S.
This is the kind of artsy b.
Ma is conspiring to sell their rundown farm.
As it turns out so is Pa.
Not that anything else was really working anyway.
James Woods is pathetic.
Curse of the Starving Class deserves less than a 1.
Stay away from this movie.
They might not have read the book.
They might enjoy gore and violence in a film.
They might be very young and therefore not understand the violence.
There are sure to be many other reasons not covered here.
Otherwise you will almost definitely enjoy this.
Nothing wrong with that in general.
This was an exception.
However I do not think that it should have been made into a cartoon.
Gives me a little heart palpitation every time.
I recommend being over 8 to see this.
I do not recommend.
and its sad that people think it makes her a hero.
perhaps that is the comment of the movie that people should take away.
positive reception reflects continual patriarchal currents in the social conscience.
i should love this movie .
the movie makes working class people look low and cheap .
again the acting was very very good and worth watching .
i really do not like the story line .
just a personal preference .
Neither ever learns better.
And that is simply a load of hogwash.
I hate this movie.
It is a horrid movie.
Her performance is wooden at best.
I would never recommend this film to anyone.
It seemed like it was predictable and cheesy.
Not grandiose and epic like the entire run of the show has been.
Most reviews have read have been glowing but I really can not understand why.
I feel so unsatisfied.
I want to love this.
Someone tell me why I'm wrong.
Then get amateur actors.
It will be good for the festival hype.
What a sad waste.
That makes it all the more bitter that the ending was so childish.
The more power to them.
just made no sense.
I loved the first season.
Third season was fairly novel and original and was OK.
And then comes the end.
1 out of 10.
Unbelievable how slow and drawn out that last hour was.
The fight scenes were great.
It was the ending that I hated.
They can live like humans again.
They only have one good doctor.
No one would have made that choice.
They have received hard cash for the votes 3.
Avoid at all costs.
Worse writing and delivery.
The special effects are dismal.
This movie only contains the latter kind.
This leaves little left.
I'm so glad I did not pay for this.
How this is currently rated a 7.
2 completely mystifies me.
I need to go wash my eyes.
And Hollywood demonstrates once again how removed from reality they really are.
When I was a kid we used to catch snakes for fun.
And no amount of Hollywood cartoon snakes can change that.
Their worst performer will be a million times better than this trash.
I expected the movie to be more of a farce than anything.
Jackson looked surprisingly tired through most of it and the snake effects were lame.
I'm shocked to say I actually think Anaconda was more fun.
the only thing great about the movie is its title.
The only thing make SOAP better is its title.
The acting superb and the script should be awarded.
B movie at best.
Sound effects are pretty good.
I suppose it is a rental.
You gonna be OK Tommy.
Either way it was a real disappointment.
The movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest.
Cue first plot hole.
Clearly this one had been hiding in Mr.
Go see United 93 instead.
That the characters had a little depth and shading was an unexpected bonus.
Times crossword puzzle at the same time.
They could have been any ethnic group.
It made very little difference.
I have seen it all a zillion times before.
Just the accents and names were different.
Some said it was Spanish Harlem.
And it seemed that the family never met up with anyone except other Latinos.
did look pretty cramped to me.
And another annoying thing .
I believe the producer did not study his information on snakes and their behavior.
I cant believe I wasted my money on this movie.
The true decline of the western civilization.
I have said enough here.
showing and I must say that this movie was nothing special.
The fan service seemed out of place and rather distracting as well.
I know you all want to hear Samuel L.
This movie deserves more than a 1.
Seriously it is not that great its not that bad.
Its crappy plot crap acting etc.
these snakes do nothing of the sort.
they glide along like they would in a video game.
they are cartoon snakes.
and the music and sound effects are not creepy or memorable in any way.
and Hollywood seems to be offering them just what they want.
I would give this a negative rating if I could.
I have no idea how this movie became so popular.
Please do not waste your money on this movie.
No clue how it is getting such a high rating.
The characters and situations feel completely artificial and fake.
There are lots of production flaws .
Interesting to read comments by viewers regarding Omega Code.
I did want to see what happened next and therefore watched the whole movie.
This movie took a concept and made it watchable.
No thrills but an interesting concept.
This film had so much promise.
I was very excited about this film.
Anybody could insert stock footage of the Coliseum in Rome.
I really liked the graphics that were displayed on the decoding computers.
This movie is not based on the bible.
It completely leaves Christ out of the movie.
They do not show the rapture or the second coming of Christ.
Let alone talk about it.
It does not quote from scriptures.
The end times are called the great tribulation.
The movie does not even show bad times.
The only part they got correct was there was two prophets.
I wanted to take unsaved people to it.
I feel that the movie is evil.
It is a counterfeit just like everything the devil does.
The second problem with the movie is it was just bad.
I have seen better episodes of Miami vice.
I truly wish I was not writing this review.
And that is the tragedy.
That part sent chills up my spine.
But the good guys are horrible.
This plot was sickening and very disturbing.
No tender or immature minds should see this film.
This is how a basic good vs.
evil plot can go astray.
This was a truly awful film.
The story was silly and stupid.
It was shabbily done and a waste of my money.
Do not see this film.
Yes I admit I cried during this movie.
The Omega Code follows a stream of sketchy religiously oriented movies.
Its depressing that people actually put effort into this movie.
this movie basks too much in its own innocence.
Open your eyes please.
Definitely do not pay to see this.
It was clearly the worst movie I have seen in a long time.
From the first 15 minutes we all knew it would be a long night.
Otherwise the acting was decidedly bad.
We then spent an hour trying to explain it to them.
I would highly recommend seeing this movie.
I sincerely consider this movie as another poor effort of Dominican Movie Industry.
Becoming boring and not funny at all.
They let many things without explanation and the end of the movie is predictable.
I do not recommend this movie.
I was very disappointed by this film for a few reasons.
For the first half hour it is actually pretty decent.
But hopefully this is as bad as it gets.
Save your money and the celluloid.
One of the worst films I have ever seen.
I saw this movie on a westbound American Airlines flight.
It was so bad it actually made the flight seem longer.
Which is the theme for the whole movie.
I would avoid this one at all costs.
and these are just two examples.
Overall the movie lacks fun and becomes more boring minute after minute.
and accidentally killing each one of them through little fault of her own.
Hopefully both she and Elvis were well paid.
He brings out nothing but flat performances from all involved.
She really looks like her and is actually pretty good.
The relationship that develops between Victor and Judy becomes the focus of the film.
The action follows Victor between scenes with Judy and scenes with his family.
Victor Vargas is not the kind of character I sympathize with at all.
Something that few films have done before in the past.
The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast.
While some aspects of Victor Vargas are accurate others I have to question.
I would love to have that two hours of my life back.
A difficult film to categorize.
I mean I hate to sound mean but that was not worth seeing.
I love Steve Irwin but his movie was just too stupid.
it was alright but the show seems more real.
There was two MAJOR cleavage shots in this movie.
she knows her sex stuffs.
Plot was indeed predictable.
My expectations were low and stayed that way.
I still can not believe we will not see Steve anymore.
I caught this at a test screening.
Let that be your guide for this ridiculously bad film.
You were loved by many fans.
Millions will miss him.
But the whole movie idea was a big mistake.
The direction must be faulted as well.
I could have written a better script.
I wish I had never been to see this movie.
50 for my son.
Avoid this movie like the plague.
The wrenching reality of his absence will only be apparent to those nearest him.
The movie has several story lines that follow several different characters.
Watching this movie felt like a waste of time.
I saw this film yesterday.
I will not say who.
It may look like a good movie.
I chose this one.
and I was disappointed.
He is an icon and a very good actor as well.
There is more to say about this than the film itself.
I do not know who he is trying to convince.
The effects were terrible.
and the closeups of eyes.
I did however like the bit when Judd got ripped in pieces.
My main problem with these type of movies is simply the music.
oh god where to begin.
characters you just do not care about.
are they American or British.
they are driving all night through these woods.
when the whiny one knocks the poor wandering woman over.
and they are mobiles do not work.
so what do they do.
and all the time they have a camper van they could put her in.
no they bite huge chunks out of them and rip their heads off.
i think they are missing the point.
well those gals have good bodies but nothing special in the face dept.
the lead role was far more pretty than these so called irresistible sirens.
30 from my local library.
Everything else is a negative.
Obviously the writer is allergic to originality.
The script is terrible.
And you got to love these lines they use.
The main flaw being the lack of explaining the creatures.
The characters were wooden and one dimensional.
The ending made no sense.
The atmosphere is totally dead.
and this is according to the opening scene.
Talk about high concept.
So bad that it is REALLY bad.
This movie is a terrible waste of time.
I have never seen a movie move so slowly and so without a purpose.
It can not be that high in demand.
You literally feel a knot pull in your stomach.
Another major problem is the protagonist.
It was actually sold out.
I hope that whoever was in charge of writing the soundtrack was fired.
She gives a good performance in this movie.
Why this is categorized in horror is still a wonder to me.
I kept thinking that the animal pelts on the furniture must be nasty.
It was clunky at best.
We find out later that the King is actually the biggest pupil.
The world will never have enough of this wonderful tale.
The problem is that everyone wants to tell their own version of the tale.
The Prince Charming was the most undesirable of memory.
Even the Cinderella part held little interest or sympathy.
An all star cast makes every effort to provide the highest entertainment.
This is the classic.
The first song was okay but the next three did nothing for me.
The presence of Deborah Kerr is another minus.
I will leave it at that.
Real hydro buffs know exactly what I'm talking about.
Neither existed in 1971.
But then again Holden was ten years too old.
Feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth.
The acting is understandably not award worthy.
I found this movie very boring but extremely hilarious in some parts.
The swift justice system in this film makes Texas look weak by comparison.
This movie makes a great party film.
Not recommended unless you are desperate.
Bizarre take on the Cinderella tale.
There is nothing about this movie to distinguish it from other supernatural horror thrillers.
The climax is rather silly and the ending very weak.
And on and on .
You will have fun so long as you steadfastly refuse to take it seriously.
so you know what will happen to him.
stupid from the gate to the finish line.
Lou really got trapped in a turkey.
Maybe the devil made him do this film.
Through in the mix a very poorly realized psychic who helps with the case.
Ron Silver was the only real actor.
Silver looked literally lost for words.
Jenny Gabrielle is spectacularly unconvincing in justifying her own presence in the frame.
After being a big fan of the ten minute T.
Unfortunately I was left feeling very disappointed.
I think this was a mistake.
This piece of filth is virtually impossible to follow.
The quality of the images were terrible.
there was no acting.
I wish i never bought this.
They should mutilate the guy who made this.
Hard to sit through.
I get the message that child abuse is wrong.
I had no clue it was wrong before viewing this.
Yes that is sarcasm.
DON'T watch it if you are the least bit squeamish.
DON'T watch it if you care about acting.
On second thought just DON'T watch it period.
This is a good example of how NOT to make a film.
There is absolutely no reason to watch this movie.
First of all she never fights alone.
Her friends are unbelievably nasty.
Everyone just simply hates him.
Its an incoherent attempt at a atmospheric period cross between sex and violence.
Jess Franco at his best makes these kinds of films very well.
There are a few pluses for the film.
Between these two problems I had difficulty finding this movie funny.
This very low budget comedy caper movie succeeds only in being low budget.
Time spent watching this film was time wasted.
I do not dislike science fiction.
I'm astonished the pilot sold the series.
you wont want to watch the series.
Not so much as the tiniest little shred.
Neither the storyline itself nor the characters were the least bit credible or believable.
It gets worse after that.
Diana Guzman is an angry young woman.
The overall quietness of the film drains it of intensity.
my wife is a fanatic as regards this show.
I personally think the show is one big farce the cast is equally bad.
I have never been more proud of him.
He wants to be a parent.
He insists he will be the one to change the dirty diaper.
I had been subjected to this movie for a relationship class in my school.
As figured it was nothing captivating and nothing new.
So far the only interesting teen pregnancy movie I have seen was Juno.
I can not imagine what they are thinking.
episodes really do not stand the comparison.
I was very excited when this series premiered in 2005.
At least season one had a few good stories here and there.
Nothing new or genuinely interesting.
Few of them are visually creative.
Perhaps it is an indication of the state of television today.
So I figured I would translate the Swedish review I just wrote for it.
The story she tells him is as deplorable as it is hard to swallow.
What IS a big deal however is how miserable the rest of it was.
This is nothing but inferior and I am disappointed.
I thought the lead actor was very flat.
There was not one original idea in this story.
Hopefully no one will oppose this comment by spewing the word HOMAGE around.
Carpenter used to know that.
He should fade into obscurity or acquire a time machine.
A few rum and cokes will definitely help it go down easier.
The fights seem pretty real.
Those bazookas need serious site calibration.
Everyone in this movie looks like a porn industry drop out.
I have actually seen better acting in low budget porn.
Fight scenes are poorly coordinated and fake as all hell.
Unless you have no idea how to reload them.
Big slow trucks driving around in first gear make for awkward action scenes.
I really cant believe movies like this are actually produced.
This movie would be hilarious on nitrous oxide or maybe just drunk.
this is far from a neutral glimpse of the situation on the ground there.
This movie was so bad that my i.
went down about 40 points after seeing it.
The acting is as bad as any movie I have ever seen.
The plot is terrible and predictable.
The special effects are pathetic.
Believe me when I tell you that this is not one of them.
I'm really not sure what else to say here.
No Fireworks Despite Violent Action.
This is a worthless sequel to a great action movie.
Naturally he will not be shut down without a fight.
Seems you can not go wrong casting a wrestler in an action movie.
The point here lost on me.
You have to see the fight scenes in particular.
Potentially offensive and just downright lame.
Universal Soldier 2 is a lousy sequel.
So give credit where credit is due.
It is so bad I almost cried.
It is hard to explain how bad this move is.
This is idiotic film making.
I just can not believe how this got made.
I can not believe that someone out there has not murdered Mic Rogers.
I simply can not believe the stupidity of this movie.
It takes itself so seriously but comes across to the audience like a spoof.
I love the dumb logic of this movie.
Even the creators want to get out of this thing as soon as possible.
Not to be seen on a serious stomach.
I was very skeptical about sacrificing my precious time to watch this film.
NOW we know this movie is going to be really horrible.
But not even I thought it would be THIS bad.
I can not think of one thing good about it.
The plot holes were so huge you could drive a Hummer through them.
war is prettier than this.
van shame is no actor.
The soldiers are now stronger and are able to take more damage than before.
This movie is about one thing.
Not where one is indestructible and can not lose.
Then the fights just become a tool to stretch time.
Why this is I have no idea.
But I can say with some certainty that such films are always diabolical.
This one is really no exception.
One story in this film takes place in 1971.
And it is the most hideous effect I have ever seen.
This thing is a big ball of nothing.
I will be honest.
Only for the idiots like me who want to watch that full list.
First time I managed to sit through the first fight sequence then lost interest.
Pales in comparison to the original.
ET is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time.
2 rating and figure it out for yourself.
However it was this that tarnished his credibility forever.
This sequel is made simply for kids who enjoy professional wrestling.
This was an atrocious waste of my time.
This kind of schlock gives Martial Arts movies a bad name.
At least then we could be laughing with him instead of at him.
We offended me the most was the setting of the movie itself.
But it is a sequel.
He has a daughter.
Of course the cube gets angry and activates all soldiers to kill everyone.
You will see that this movie is a waste of time.
So do not watch it.
This movie was good but not as good as 1st.
VD has a kid this time from Ally W.
It was the ending like the 1st but just not that good.
But they have a plan.
But not as dramatic.
The mind boggles at exactly what about Universal Soldier merited a sequel.
And therein lies the problem.
Two individuals possess the code in question.
The film is loaded to the brim with ridiculous lines and clichs.
It leaves the action without adequate setup.
Terrible acting by Potter and a flat plot with no tension what so ever.
Gosh I wish I had that knack for genius .
Especially where she starts singing.
It has two redeeming features.
I am sure it appeals to someone.
The film is severely awful and is demeaning to rape victims.
She needs a MAN to help her.
The director is famous for being chauvinistic.
She does it to please her father who thinks that she is now dirty.
Thus we are left with a confusing message about rape.
The comedy too is not needed in a strong subject film like this.
but a lousy film.
Avoid at all costs.
unless you have insomnia.
I reckon this film was a missed opportunity.
Everybody in the movie looks bored.
I will not be subscribing on this effort.
and he was one of the better actors.
The film does not live up to its premise.
Most of the other characters were also lacking in depth.
And the exact specifications are a secret.
The design and construction of the Apollo Command Module has long been publicly available.
I am a 11th grader at my high school.
This movie did nothing to change my mind.
I think he and Michael Moore should be working together and make another movie.
The entire world followed the moon landings.
Our families gathered around the TV to watch the launch.
The world was truly one community.
All those who have actually studied the case knows different.
They only see what they want to see.
It is a technically adept film.
Run away screaming from this movie if at all possible.
And the exact specifications are a secret.
These rocks and stones are IN FACT FROM THE MOON.
These rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities all around the world.
Things are nearly never quite what they seem.
I'm glad I did not waste money buying this one.
The video cover has a scene from the 1975 movie Capricorn One.
This movie should not be shown only because of this.
Gypsies were never prosecuted.
Communists really did not distinguish between nationalities.
Whole movie stinks like fake.
I do regret that I have bought this series.
I find the actors work quite weak as well.
All in all pretty poor.
0 out of 4.
The idea is nice.
Bringing so many stars in one movie is great.
No connection between the scenes.
but these were out of 18.
Perhaps for people who know Paris it is interesting.
It sounds boring and it is.
salt of the earth characters.
salt of the earth characters.
salt of the earth characters.
cute little Red Indians children in Newcastle United tops.
salt of the earth characters.
This is so poor.
They can not have paid you that much.
As for Jimmy Nail.
This is one of them.
Unfortunately I have to say I was disappointed.
Tarzan was over 40 years old and somewhat overweight.
Not how I would imagined Tarzan would look.
There was some guy with a guitar there.
There were villains and good guys and a romance.
all very harmless and predictable.
The finale of the Weissmuller Tarzan movies is a rather weak one.
There are a few things that derail this film.
Just an sketchy idea of a plot.
The writer tried to build in turning points that aimed to surprise the viewer.
This is a movie about love that fails to reach your heart.
This movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie I have ever seen.
A few years ago a video clip was surely based on this movie.
these are the words to best describe this terrible movie.
I love cheesy horror movies and i have seen hundreds.
but this had got to be on of the worst ever made.
Several years later people turn up dead in the same spa.
What can I say.
There is a lot of tragedy throughout the movie.
There was no practicality in the movie.
Who is assigned to a investigate brutal serial murders.
A Short gone too far.
The later part of a movie feels like a big drag.
Could have avoided gruesome scenes with a soft camera.
NY is pictured good.
Songs do not stick around in your mind even after watching the movie.
His age and belly really show up.
Not sure why she accepted this.
Others just have a small presence.
It took a long time to release the movie due to various issues.
He slips in few scenes.
Most of the scene was inside a bar.
this movie is a thriller without thrill.
I can not believe he even made this one.
The movie was not a waste except for some boring scenes in between.
But Krista Allen really rocked in the movie .
Her voice was so seducing and sexy.
Krista really is one of the best in such roles.
He could have chosen a better script than this.
These have both been shown on the Turner Classic Movies channel.
Their scenes were probably filmed in one day or so.
To me this is a sign of bad direction through and through.
And the acting from most of the actors was above average.
He was so unbelievable that I almost laughed at his dramatic scenes.
Again better direction was needed.
Also the pacing was wrong for a movie like this.
It took the main character almost half an hour to get in action.
For an action thriller of only 90 minutes that is far too slow.
The only redeeming factor is Angie Harmon.
She does her best to make it all work.
Too bad the director left her hanging.
Andy Cheng is far too inexperienced as a director to pull it off.
The Plot was great just needed a whole lot more.
The clichs about Paris were endless.
On and on it went.
And the segment about the African who is stabbed.
The story could have taken place in any city around the world.
The whole project felt forced and uninspired.
Almost like the French government sponsored this film to promote tourism.
Flat characters that you do not and never will care about.
MST 3000 should do this movie.
It is the worst acted movie I have ever seen.
Every single actor was terrible.
Even the chick at the trailer park.
I crap on this garbage.
What a waste of time.
It had all the clichs of movies of this type and no substance.
The casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors.
play caricatures of themselves in other movies.
This ranks as one of the worst movies I have seen in years.
The make up is so bad it is worth mentioning.
You are better off just staring into space for 2 hours.
Many of the other scenes were too short also.
One should not have to rewind and replay to catch what was said.
Please reduce the volume of the background music in future.
The basic story line had potential.
I think the film needed more work.
Sorry to be so critical.
The plot and the characters are perfunctory.
The more predictable ending would have been preferable to one that is so bad.
98 and my 107 minutes back.
It went downhill from there.
A poor choice indeed.
And then it commits the worst sin of all.
What a waste of effort.
Poor effort by writer and director.
Only a handful of the segments are engaging here.
A segment with a garage attendant from Nigeria is heartbreaking.
No construct successfully joins the pieces.
Every three years we get the same lame vampire clichs.
Making things worse is that the switch from segment to segment is pretty artless.
The transitions get lost.
There is not one redeeming quality about this movie.
I would bet that there was little to no time spent editing this movie.
The ending was absolutely pathetic.
I give this a .
Well worth a look then.
Or so I thought.
Some guy gets whacked.
Right out in plain sight this other guy shoots him.
She goes to the hospital where they took the guy who got whacked.
I can not figure out why.
Then she searches out the bodyguard from the hospital.
Nobody else in the media cares.
Not even with all the big fireballs and dead bodies.
His job was a little bit dull.
He was just the President.
just another one of those police blotter crimes.
And she gets away with it.
It was so dumb I just had to keep watching.
and gets away completely free.
Cuba speaks with a presidential staff member.
Cuba claims there was more than one person involved.
is very watchable however and James Woods does an admirable job considering.
The end game was honestly one of the worst films I have ever seen.
I was mad because I could have used that time doing something else.
Thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it.
is a secret service agent who blames himself over the assassination of the U.
She is is not a pixie dream girl waiting to be yours.
The same can be said about short films.
It appears that only one director will live on in the annals of history.
poor poor poor poor poor.
I argued with myself whether to rent this or not.
that is what tipped the scales.
It only gets worse after that.
Or they could just try writing something just a little bit believable.
I give it a 3.
Oh my god this movie sucks.
I checked this movie out based on a favorable review on this page.
It is slow moving and the payoff is a four star dud.
Luckily I spared my money for this pieces of crap.
The wicked have disturbed the dead and must be punished.
Nobody said screenwriters had to be original.
My biggest complaint comes with the ending.
This is a stupid convention.
Murray Abraham was in it.
He feeds from their enjoyment of the Seven Deadly Sins.
It really is hilarious in a sick way.
Murray brings a certain happy malevolence to his role in this film.
He is a good actor.
The ENDING is really creepy and yet almost comical.
You just want the dark side to get every one of them.
Daddy is a cook whose hobby is cars.
It all takes place at a lake house and it looks wonderful.
and a really bad one at that.
Must have been desperate.
The innocent bystanders all overdo their panicking enough to make you laugh.
OK it is not all bad.
This movie is truly an awful waste of time.
I can not believe people actually put up some green for this film.
Nothing else needs to be said.
And Dolph always lends some cheesy appeal to his roles.
But someone somewhere really dropped the ball on this one.
I can not think of much to say about this film.
This was an awful movie.
I can not even tell you what made me decide to view it.
The plot moved from implausible to downright absurd.
It was just pathetic.
I caught The Minion and boy was I ever disappointed.
This movie is utterly terrible.
It literally has nothing to recommend it.
The Minion is about.
Anyone who happens to be possessed will go on some berserker rage.
And it is supposed to be around for a long time.
We are merely to accept that they just exist.
The story is so laughable that it is pathetic.
At least they should have taken history into account.
What is up with that.
Movie was very slow ans boring.
I will not recommend it to anyone at this time.
Thanks but no thanks.
It could have been more along the lines of reality.
There were a grand total of two really really funny scenes in this movie.
Come on Tina Fey you can do better then this.
As soon as the movie started i knew how it would end.
Sure it was funny at times.
Even laugh out loud funny.
I do not recommend buying this.
At the most i recommend renting it but thats all.
Mean Girls is one of my favorite movies.
Baby Mama had a great supporting cast.
Another pregnancy movie has hit the cinema world.
I recommend it but do not expect it to be totally hilarious.
I give Baby Mama.
I could have believed begrudging assistance.
I saw this movie last weekend and it is silly and mindless.
This does not hold a torch to Universal Mummy films in the least.
They soon find themselves faced with a blood drinking mummy.
I caught this on late night TV when I was about 10.
They are not scary just mildly creepy.
A sure fire cure for insomnia.
Given the task of getting to this archaeological dig by his superiors British Capt.
On the way there Capt.
Storm can get there to stop them.
The cast helps very little.
this is the perfect example of something great going awfully bad.
but that was also anything but interesting.
the first two lie about their professions.
but the third is the actual liar.
but maybe you will see it completely different.
The film is worth watching only if you stop it after half an hour.
I was amazed to hear that.
The worst movie I have seen in quite a while.
A question mark would have been more appropriate.
I do not ever wanna see this movie again.
The first hour of the movie was boring as hell.
The movie went no where.
I mean they could have made the movie in 15 min short film.
Film starts with 3 people meeting each other in the bar.
for a long time.
Maybe that is supposed to impress us with the immensity of the Russian landscape.
Continuing the doll business is problematic for everyone involved and eventually seems impossible.
This movie is one of them.
4 is a dirty trick on the audience.
I have yet to read a negative professional review of this movie.
I guess I must have missed something.
It just has a lot of problems.
So we have a strong opening shot.
Over the next 40 minutes we have an equally strong setup.
Then the movie starts slowing down.
All of them are making up a bit outrageous stories.
I suggest that you see it and immediately try to forget about it.
It is very long.
Thank you for coming.
Alarm bells should have been ringing.
I get all of this.
It totally killed a nice buzz I had going when I hit play.
A simple plan for which he has to kidnap and do some blackmail.
I found this movie average at best.
Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during the making of this film.
At least it is novel to watch him play such an uncharacteristic role.
These films were hugely popular in their day.
i tried to sit through this bomb not too long ago.
the acting was atrocious.
there were some absolutely pathetic action scenes that fell flat as a lead balloon.
it is possible that this thing ends up improving as it goes along.
you know how it is.
I just can not recommend this one.
Who could possibly have wished for a sequel to Bert I.
If you watch this movie check out the ladies chest.
This movie was probably the worst movie I have ever seen.
They actually have trees there.
The last but certainly the least was the acting.
Absolutely the worst group of actors and actresses ever assembled.
A virtual cornucopia of shitty lines and poor acting.
That song you sang for the credits makes me want to kill myself.
Apparently she hangs out with special kids.
I missed the really botched ending.
This film was a disappointment because it could have been so much better.
No one behaves like this outside of Hollywood scripts.
The resolution and quality are poor.
Everyone was believable and really looked the part.
Their acting was also above average.
The direction was also creative and different for a TV show at that time.
That takes good direction and editing and they made it work in this case.
who portray the Davis family.
The possibilities for good story lines and plots are endless.
This film was so disappointing.
In fact they seemed like they were inserted to fill in time.
In the end the effect was listless.
The lack of a coherent plot did not help matters.
I can not be bothered talking about it anymore.
Even the action was boring.
This one really belongs in the bottom 100 list.
For many years science fiction languished in the basement of literature.
This well informed fans are critical of anything Hollywood throws at them.
When the emperor has no clothes they scream it the loudest.
I will not point them out.
I will not spoon feed you.
You need to practice you thinking skills and discover them for yourself.
Title it something else.
Believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism.
Hollywood could not do this alone.
It takes an uncritical mindless audience that will accept puerile dredge like this.
I want my money back.
and I got it free from the library.
but I'm also all for a shred of realism and meaning.
but mainly simpler techniques.
This movie was a mess.
It had the absolute worst editing I have ever seen.
But somewhere it went wrong.
The second problem is Dennis Hopper as the crazy bad guy.
He always plays the crazy bad guy.
Not a good sign for any movie.
This was an impulse pick up for me from the local video store.
Dennis Hopper is not very good here.
You have been warned.
The characters are one dimensional and over used.
The scenery is terrific however and showcases the Pacific Northwest beautifully.
The cinematography is great.
You can almost smell the wind blowing through the leaves.
Of course the British character is normal.
You will not be compelled to walk out on HIS films after 10 minutes.
Maybe he needed the money.
This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
No wonder it was never published as a book or released in theaters.
More surprising was Fred J.
This was an awful ripoff of Bad News Bears.
Completely shameless and completely predictable.
I just watched this horrid thing on TV.
is NOT even that good.
And poor Julia Roberts.
This is not the Julia Roberts that my wife enjoys watching.
Now that is entertainment.
They are so talented and should not have had any part in this movie.
The storyline was dumb and predictable.
The jokes were not funny.
The romance was not really romance.
I was all too happy when this movie ended.
Julia Roberts usually leaves no impression on me one way or the other.
She was actually somewhat endearing in this role.
or perhaps just one.
The hackneyed plot is razor thin and obvious.
in the first hour or so nothing really happens.
I have seen a lot of bad movies with big actors in it.
But this movie was terrible.
I have yet to see why people thought it was funny.
The idea behind it is stupid.
Plus all the things that are supposed to be funny are just dumb.
It was disgusting and painful.
This is not a lie.
Do not even rent it.
Zeta Jones was just too mean to be believable.
Roberts was the same as she always is.
How this film was made with so many big stars is beyond me.
This movie is so lacking in direction even she struggles to look proficient.
And I mean ultra light.
Nor does it work at all as a romance.
It would probably make a better story.
What a waste of time.
The director needs to watch more films before attempting to direct his own.
The red headed women displays examples of what an actress should not do.
I must have really disliked it to write about it this much.
this movie offers nothing but the dumbest conversations possible.
you heard me it lacks them all.
worst movie i have seen in my entire life.
I saw this film at the 2005 Toronto International Film Festival.
This is quite possibly the worst movie of all time.
The movie gets 1 out of 10.
This movie was not even entertaining on a stupid level.
I'm not even gonna go on.
Watch it once with your buddies and get a good laugh.
But do not expect anything spectacular.
I would hope that they too knew they were just getting paid.
A horrible example of film.
It was as if he was trying too hard to be a Yank.
One of the previous reviewers questioned why U.
actors were not cast in this film.
I second that notion.
Everybody deserves to screw up here and there.
Twist endings are supposed to be a surprise.
I remember I watched this just to kill time.
It made no sense whatsoever.
it would be bad in a kind of way I could laugh at it.
I have always heard how awful it was.
The movie did not disappoint.
First off putting pro players in movies hardly ever works.
Well any way this movie is also bad due to the hideous kid.
I would give this a zero but that is impossible.
Especially rapping and acting.
I can not even begin to describe how bad this movie truly is.
In no way shape or form did it say that Jesus made genies.
At least with the movie it is over soon.
The kid in the film that plays Max is whiny and a terrible actor.
The story is just plain stupid and extremely clich.
Even at 8 years old i thought this was a stupid idea.
This is the worst film I have ever seen.
I could get more entertainment watching static.
Avoid this movie at all costs.
A monstrous piece of trash.
Very unusual for Mr.
This movie took away apart of my life I will never have back.
It is so horrible it is not even funny.
What a pathetic movie.
I will not waste much time commenting about it.
I'm still trying to get back the couple hours I wasted on it.
All have their strong points and their faults.
Rochester saw in her.
That brings us to Mr.
Jane usually hangs out in Mr.
I love it so much I watch it regularly.
There is not a single sympathetic character in this entire movie.
it would have made for a far more satisfying ending.
deleted from the script.
It was an excellent version and very much like the book.
William Hurt is totally miscast as Mr Rochester.
The same goes for Charlotte Gainsborough.
It was like watching two zombies together.
A wonderful time is guaranteed.
This movie is unbearable to watch if you have read the book.
There is no comparison.
Scott and Susannah York.
The original Jane Eyre was a hero.
The title character seemed dry and uninspired.
The screenplay and Direction did little if any credit to the classic story.
I do not know if this film could be saved by a great filmmaker.
Neither does the uneven level of performances.
And how many times must we see John C.
Her credibility exceeded all others by far.
The bit with the frogs is good though.
Why when his children go missing does he not call the Police.
First they sent us to EYES WIDE SHUT.
Dates were arguing with each other as well as strangers.
This aside I really liked the beginning and the frog storm.
All they did was swear.
For the whole film.
But I could relate to them.
Having said that William H.
Macy made me grin.
I wanted to like Magnolia.
I almost screamed out in frustration after 2 hours.
The biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene.
But it never seemed to connect.
This is a waste of time.
There are two ideas in particular that bomb.
Reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory.
But it all adds up to nothing.
It would be better spent reading.
well anything to be honest.
The excitement of the show was missing and the dialog was.
Not the worst of TV movies.
It also had a decent script.
This one had me scratching my head.
And that is a shame.
This early part of the film is a light comedy of no real distinction.
That would have been a much better treatment of that issue.
The finale also is very unsatisfying.
Then Harlow and Tone just walk away.
That would have made a nice little movie.
This movie would have been much better had they reversed roles.
That also would have been more conducive to the film that should have been.
I actually found myself dusting at one point while the film was running.
It ripped off some movies SO badly just for single scenes.
The acting was bad but I have seen worse.
The movie was bad but I have seen worse.
Make sure that you do not.
Almost two hours is way too long.
This pictures strong side lies in the splatter part.
Give me Bruce Campbell any day.
Better luck next time.
That was really it.
To me this movie seemed like 80.
This movie was truly a big waste of time.
I give it a 2 out of 10.
This movie has a few things going for it right off the bat.
Dani Filth is a very recognizable character and makes for a great lead.
The independent filming style of the movie is great for the creepy factor.
There are some GORGEOUS actresses in this movie.
The ways that people died were very creative and nightmarish.
Now on to the cons.
I am not one of them.
I got home and popped it in.
My patience lasted 15 minutes.
AWFUL camera work and DISGUSTING quality.
I left it on the shelf.
Then not only the mentioned aspects annoyed me.
His head apparently had no skull.
See our bad person employs Dani to do bad things.
As a matter of fact they both are and that is pretty much it.
The story has no sense.
And the quality is.
The only thing that might keep you watching is the unmotivated violence and gore.
Blood and guts are made pretty well.
and then eats what fell out.
Cradle of Filth fans can add 3 points.
I added one for gore.
This film is a very funny film.
A really bad one.
not even an attempt to build up one.
Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least.
This sure is one comedy I'm not likely to forget for a while.
The only laughs in Cradle to Fear lie in the ridiculous performances.
I rest my case.
Avoid this movie at all costs.
See this only for studies of how bad can be a movie.
The acting by the three leads is wooden.
I will leave you to guess which one it was to be.
Surely he has some power to pick and chose.
I suppose Robert Downey Jr.
needed the money for his habit.
But that is not why I watch movies.
This was a disappointing film for me.
I do not want to spoil this film for potential viewers.
I watched several documentaries about him.
Never mind the rest of the script and sloppy direction.
This movie really waste yours time and money .
Role of CIRCUIT was very small n useless n this movie .
Character of the movie is also not well define like the previous one .
The ideas of MAHATMA is also not define and confusing.
A REALLY VERY BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.
All I have ever seen were few older movies of S.
I have never seen such a boring movie in my whole life.
2 out of 10.
Wish I would have looked a little closer before wasting my time.
This is a film that makes you say 2 things.
Looks as if it was shot with my flip video.
One of the worst 3 movies I have ever seen.
hopefully the writers and director leave the business.
Neither are nice people.
But that is only part of the problem.
Hipster Bob Downey Jr.
is every bit as bad as a P.
but with a little more emphasis on the bad accent.
The picture quality and sound quality are poor in this film.
I had read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel.
so invariably my expectations were crushed.
But they were crushed more than should be expected.
So they are going to build barricades.
I think the dog was the best actor in the whole movie.
This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
Earned itself a score of 1.
i figured it was too bad.
This movie is one of the worst horror movies I have ever seen.
Horrible acting goes from pledge to the head jock.
Absolutely HORRIBLE special effects with the guns.
The story is interesting but the development needs a complete review.
It had nowhere to go but down.
That and the little Boston terrier named Boozer also brings it up a notch.
I like what Boozer does to Clarissa in the end.
It was the only good scene in an otherwise silly film.
2 out of 10.
I just watched The Convent for the second time.
I was saddened to find that I could no longer appreciate it much.
The Convent does the cheese but the not the goodness so much.
Nothing this film does is in a good way.
This film is absolutely horrific.
One of the worst movies I have ever seen.
I pretty much predicted every scene in this movie.
Rarely have I witnessed such a gratuitous waste of talent.
I thought that this movie was pretty lame.
The progression of the movie bored me and the storyline was very weak.
You just have to look really hard for it.
It gives one the feeling it was filmed in three days.
I have seen a lot of bad films.
But this really takes badness to new extremes.
most of those stand head and shoulders above this.
if you can watch it with one single friend.
it is bad but could be a lot worse.
it took 5 of us to make it all the way through voodoo academy.
i hope and pray we saw the directors cut.
so much of the film centers around this.
it is not an excuse for how bad this baby is.
the pacing of the film.
no matter what your alignment or sex.
rubbing just can not sustain that kind of screen time.
the acting is cheese.
i have seen a lot worse in better films.
this is no ha ha ha the set wobbled affair.
it is an endurance test you probably want to skip.
A cult movie is written on the box.
And I liked the digs at L.
This is the most boring and unnecessary thing I have ever seen.
What is wrong with these people.
I watched this film in disbelief.
Most bad films are funny because they are crap.
We do not need you.
If someone killed Rob Schneider they should be given a Nobel peace prize.
This time he is The Animal.
She is played by Collen Haskell.
There are no negative characters.
He is a great comedian but this is not his best movie.
Guy is a loser.
There are two funny parts in the whole movie.
I was getting bored.
But this was trying too hard to impress.
The jokes are very old.
This is not a film that most people could really get into.
and I'm a movie lover and ready to give just about anything a shot.
and boy were we ready for it to.
NOTHING in this movie is funny.
This is a very bad movie.
Obviously that must be the secret.
I had the volume turned up.
The cast left much to be desired.
I'm surprised he made it through the filming.
I hated this movie so much I remember it vividly.
It is not even funny.
The doctor has to use animal organs to rebuild him.
I am not a big fun of Rob Schneider.
But very sad to see such films doing very good in the box office.
just does not exist.
A missed opportunity as a film but not as propaganda apparently.
For domestic audiences I can see how they would applaud this movie.
The Germans were portrayed as incompetents and the Russians as heroes.
The supposedly romantic angle was superfluous and a distraction.
But that would have ended the story.
I did see some reviewers who said they cried at the end.
Having seen AAA for over 1000 times I noticed that straight away.
Just plain dreadful and awful.
You do not get really either of these in the video.
The lone bright spot here at all is seeing Mr.
This must have been one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
Maybe that distraction is the reason that I did not fully understand the story.
Worse than the rating it has been given.
One of the worst films I have seen in a long time.
Watching the first 30 minutes of Sands of Oblivion gave me high hopes.
It seemed I was in for a cheaper version of the Mummy.
Hopefully the evil will be buried with it for all time.
Then the body counts starts.
This is were the movie went south for me.
So far this incomprehensible mess has no real story.
My mistake for continuing to watch.
I suspect that was the idea all along.
If you want good acting and character development then be advised to look elsewhere.
The end result is a disaster.
Avoid or boredom will haunt you.
The movie was predictable and slow.
The acting is horrible with the exception of Clint Howard and Fred Willard.
It was beat 8.
It was made in Provo 6.
It had Larry H.
Miller in it 4.
Gary Coleman chose the perfect movie 4 a comeback 2.
They should have cast at Surreal Life auditions 1.
This movie is a total dog.
The writing in this film is absolutely terrible.
I could barely sit through the film without wanting to walk out.
The soundtrack sounds like it was created on some guys laptop PC.
The worst part of all is that I actually sat through the whole thing.
The plot was limp and very unfunny.
I can usually find something redeeming in every movie I watch.
And this one was no exception.
It does have its redeeming moments.
But they are few and far between.
NEVER ONCE are either of these two names mentioned.
Instead it was only mildly entertaining and left much to be desired.
I have never been a huge fan of Mormon films.
I can not put into words the rage I felt sitting through this.
This was pretty much how the whole movie felt.
Keep in your mind the fantasy that this movie is hilarious.
Spare yourself the disappointment I went through.
I have met people like those in the film while playing church ball.
Where to begin my discussion of pain.
There was no character development.
Every character was a stereotype.
The concept for this movie sounded so funny.
This nail trap catches these bad guys.
The rest of the movie degrades as you go.
And it is probably a blessing that the faded stars kept well covered.
Special appearance by Forest J.
Ackerman but so what.
2 out of 10.
Therefore he goes on a solo mission to save his sister.
WOW what can i say.
It has all the goods to make a really bad movie even worse.
guess its in demand.
Followed by an improved sequel.
The Direction is very bad.
Rest of the cast are bad.
I like bad movies.
Especially bad action movies.
Everything about Snake Eater is bad.
The plot is bad.
The script is bad.
The sets are bad.
The fights are bad.
The stunts are bad.
Words can not simply describe how awful this film is.
And this is all in the pilot.
Ironic since kids were originally the target audience.
they are better than that.
I do not think this movie has any purpose.
I do not understand why this movie scores so high.
They deserved the misery that was Rosetta.
I go to the cinema to be entertained.
There is absolutely nothing entertaining about this film.
I hate how this movie has absolutely no creative input.
Tell me an interesting story and we will talk.
Hitchcock used to say drama was essentially life with the dull bits cut out.
it is just not that entertaining.
I think that it true that Channel Ten can remove your soul.
The challenges are pathetic and silly.
The whole point of reality TV is to show REALITY.
make them do an actual challenge.
These guys were in for a long ride as they watched this movie.
film and he ended up owing money to the studio.
has decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers.
Clemens is everything Z.
No one seems to care about such substitutions at a high school football game.
Funky Monkey is a metal rod among movies.
They got the eyes just right.
I'm a fan of the series and have read all 7 books.
I wanted to see this just to see how it was done.
She had an overbite that would put any beaver to shame.
The movie just loses so much in translation.
The worst effect of all is Mr.
This movie is terrible but it has some good effects.
I went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned Alice Entertainment.
I'm so sorry somebody did that to his wonderful tales.
I was unlucky enough to have seen this at the Sidewalk Film Festival.
I did not laugh once through out the duration of the film.
It was with out a doubt the low point of the film.
After its conclusion I was genuinely angry.
I'm actually watching this film as I write this .
I like science fiction movies.
I like independent films.
I am convinced this is purely from ineptitude.
As opposed to some attempt at doing something really different.
Much better efforts have died on the cutting room floor.
It is my civic duty.
They manage to pull these incredible feats off.
He does a fine job at this.
And she figured this out in .
00015 seconds with no prodding and no prior information.
Such is the blatant obviousness of this film.
But you have been warned.
How Irish critics rave about this movie is beyond me.
Overacted by the usual band of Irish actors dragged out for every Irish movie.
You will have a better time.
But the worst part by far is the hand held camera.
But the film itself is shot completely wrong.
It should have smooth movement from one shot to the next.
The film just looks sloppy and thrown together.
A terrible film which is supposed to be an independent one.
It needed some dependence on something.
This totally miserable film deals with the interactions among Irish people.
The film is just too choppy to work.
The older sister also becomes embittered but soon finds romance.
The last point that I have is.
Lord help us all.
This is not the case here.
A truly awful film.
Words can not begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is.
The writer must be a real Army hater.
The scene that blew it completely was the electrocution one.
A truly frightening film.
Even the soundtrack is a bore.
This thing drags and drags and drags.
it certainly could have been much more entertaining.
The dialog is flat.
The jokes are old.
we are just told they are in love.
I do not like being preached to like that.
I am not at all sure what is going on.
Thanks for reading my review.
This movie continues that fine Canadian tradition.
Us folks in the boonies are a little less pretentious.
What they actually did was a crime.
And according to the film Tony and West had been dating forever.
I liked the characters in the book.
BUT I did read the book.
Who ever did the screen write ruined the storyline.
Tony and West were not together in the beginning.
He was actually with Zenia first while in college.
Tony hides her love for West.
Only to be heart broken again.
Then go back to Tony.
I will say the character who played Tony did it wonderfully.
No she was there when Charis had a lover named billy.
She was also really dieing of Cancer this time around.
The Book was striped down to its bare bones.
I would not recommend watching this move.
It was my mistake to think something was going to happen in this movie.
After the movie was over I through it behind my T.
The priest then promptly becomes the Pope by a series of coincidences.
And thus he saves the world from nuclear holocaust.
I would give it three Oscars for stupidity.
I love off color comedy.
I figured at the least it would have that and I would be entertained.
A man dressed in a baseball uniform wielding a bat.
It makes You Got Served look like Citizen Kane.
I will now look at Michael Clarke Duncan with apprehension.
he lent his name to this vermin.
I first saw ads for this movie back in 2001.
I figured I would wait until the movie was available to rent at Blockbuster.
99 I decided to buy it.
and I waited some more.
The laughs never came.
Keep The Underground Comedy Movie underground.
But from what I hear its not even offensive.
they promise comedy through demented piles of sick garbage.
and they cant even pull that off.
Now imagine something 50 times worse.
That vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever.
There were a few cheap laughs.
But it was lame.
He wasted his money.
I think I will make a movie next weekend.
oh I'm sure I can fit it in.
It looks like whoever made this film fit it in.
Words can not describe how utterly abysmal this movie is.
not one laugh in it.
There is nothing remotely funny about this movie.
Thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason.
Not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny.
It has no redeemable qualities .
I just sat through this movie and it was a struggle.
It failed to get even a single smile on my face.
I find it hard to believe that anyone would distribute this horrible film.
I felt that this movie was a failed attempt at distasteful humor.
I will leave you with this warning.
It really impresses me that it got made.
What I want you to consider is this.
while watching the films I was feeling sorry for the actors.
So imagine that in script form.
and this guy got THAT green lit.
The attempt of it to stay comedy without any funny bits fails.
At least the director made something out of nothing.
The movie is too bad for that.
and these are the nicest things I can say about the movie.
The only thing it is good for is giving to your worst enemy.
I'm not lying about that.
It is that awful.
Two Thumbs Enthusiastically Down.
I was actually really looking forward to watching this.
It really is total crap.
This was an utter waste of time.
It was a waste of film and money.
It was not offensive but everything was provocative and disgusting.
My spoiler is one that I think should be read by everyone.
There is full frontal nudity and disgusting language.
DO NOT WATCH EITHER MOVIE.
Features the worst rhyming clown ever.
Do something notable with you lives people.
This is a warning.
The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by squirting them with semen.
This is enough to make Carrot Top roll his eyes.
The whole movie is supposed to be a satire.
I think the filmmakers forgot that a key element of satire.
There was a buildup.
I know comedy is subjective.
Slash was probably drugged into being in this film.
I'm into bad movies but this has NOTHING going for it.
I may never get over how unfunny and boring this work was.
The rule for comedy is THIS .
This is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.
99 plus tax for it.
6 is a crime against humanity.
Now imagine something 50 times worse.
That vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever.
There were a few cheap laughs.
But it was lame.
He wasted his money.
The special effects for example laughable decapitated head are truly awful.
This movie has very little to offer.
The joke was over.
But nothing really creative or funny.
Skip this bogus thing.
She stole every scene she was in and easily gave the standout performance here.
It is something like 95 minutes long but would be better in ten.
He is a guy that stuff happens to.
A lot of talking heads.
This whole film is an independent clich.
But I do recommend it.
I laughed more than a few times.
She has sex with him.
She looks like his birth mother.
But strangely the film is anything but youthful.
Once again I have seen a movie made by people that know nothing.
I just recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson.
Now I have seen Dillinger and I have had it.
This movie is garbage.
This movie is far from a classic.
Someone called it brilliant.
First of all he looks nothing like him.
John Dillinger was killed before both of them.
The last one to die out of the three was Baby Face Nelson.
Homer Van Meter was not killed by farmers with shot guns.
Homer Van Meter was cornered by the police in St.
Paul and gunned down with machine guns.
Nelson also never cried like a little girl while getting beaten.
He was never in his life known by that name.
Finally the way they showed John Dillinger die is outrageous and inexcusable.
But a girl named Polly Hamilton was.
It is a proved fact that Dillinger did not have a gun that night.
They were so close that powder burns were found on his face.
They also say that the man killed that night was not John Dillinger.
I just finished reading a book about Dillinger.
This movie was horribly inaccurate.
The way his gang members died were fictitious.
The acting was a bit over the top in places.
The action was overdone as well.
Proof why Hollywood conventions are in place.
I could care less who was on the screen in this film.
All in long shot.
Pretty Boy Floyd meets his demise dramatically.
Multiple violations of the civic code.
Plenty of shoot outs with Tommy guns and pistols.
You will just love it.
They have got jobs and only one studies.
The best character is the young Balkan girl.
Her sentiments are echoed by immigrants here every damn day.
The only great character.
Everyone else is making their own lives hell quite on their own.
But the problem is that it is not very good.
It was built up rather nicely and tied together well at the end.
However in the end the film fails to impress.
This show reminds me of that.
It escapes me to discover what is so entertaining about all of this.
I'm just stating the latest rumor.
This is the most saccharine romance I ever sat through.
The dialog is as stiff as wood.
It must be the most corniest TV show on the air.
This is probably a escape for Jim Belushi and all of his bad movies.
His brother sucked all the talent out he younger brother.
Jim has got to retire or something.
Please let them go of the air.
I am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode.
But then one day a tragic happenstance occurred.
But Campbell pulls it off with style.
But he chooses not to.
I just was not too impressed.
She screams and leaves the house lamenting how awful he is.
The show is average.
She is constantly aware of herself being this cute actress doing this funny thing.
Very dry and plain acting.
I live in the southern U.
Seeing him on television is brutal overkill.
Malcolm McDowell should hang his head in shame.
This one may be one of the worst though.
This is probably one of the worst movies ever made.
I could have done better special effects in my bathtub.
The editor must have been asleep or on drugs its so bad.
Do they have to smoke to be bad.
It has nothing to do with the movie.
There are two reasons why I did not give a 1 to this movie.
However at many scenes they were somehow blocked by the bad scripting.
Everything else in this movie is as bad as it can be.
And it seemed as it was the first movie ever for many actors.
Especially designed for people who like Yellow filters on their movies.
However not even he can save this film from disaster.
Terrible use of scene cuts.
just poorly executed all the way around.
I have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid.
The Deadly Wake is THE PERFECT MOVIE for film students.
it still would have been awful.
I guess it was supposed to be walking tactically or something.
I'm sure it struck fear into the hearts.
of the poor editors.
I just watched this movie in high definition on television.
At first I found the main character somewhat noble and captivating.
HE was a great man.
I was so disappointed in this movie.
Instead he just shows him ramming away at them from behind.
He actually killed seventeen men.
The roles are well played but the story is thin.
And if you decide to watch it anyways.
remember that I warned you.
This movie is literally about 10 minutes of plot stretched into 100.
A 1 out of 10.
We do not all live in America.
A moment in time with very little substance.
This movie had so much potential.
I do not encourage people to waste time on this movie.
I really felt cheated after seeing this picture.
It felt like I sat watching this movie 101 minutes for nothing.
I do not understand what they were thinking when they made this.
It felt almost like they were leaving this movie open for a sequel.
It was like watching a television episode of the Sopranos.
It also felt like I just watched part 1 to a two part movie.
After seeing this movie they all sound very accurate.
How about showing how he got there.
How about showing some more detail.
What a waste of time.
This was a truly bad film.
Otherwise the movie was not any worse than other typical Canadian movies.
Saw in on TV late last night.
We grow good wine.
The National Ballet is rated among the top five companies in the world.
The Australians turn out some splendid stuff.
We produce pretentious second rate piffle.
Glad I missed that era.
Once upon a time there was a science fiction author named H.
His character and the film are not relevant to each other.
and that is just not the right idea.
A worthy failure it might be but a failure nonetheless.
The story was all screwed up.
In fact I still do not get it.
Rent it if you really want to.
Just do not trust the back of the box.
You gotta love the cheesy low budget movies.
But the picture did not take me to a different mental plain of existence.
It did not open the doors to my imagination.
This film was on late at night when I saw it.
I am no Tyson fan.
In fact I do not like boxing at all.
I do not know how reliable the flick is.
This movie looks like it was made for TV .
Maybe once in an early stage this was a better movie.
So first it confuses you and then it puts you off.
The dramatization pushes beyond suspension of disbelieve.
The movie also begins very slow paced and is boring.
This movie is another one on my List of Movies Not To Bother With.
Discipline in the French Army was often rather fierce.
It sounded like learned rhetoric.
I was under ten years of age.
And that is the audience this serial is designed for.
They read the lines.
and no doubt had one take to make them convincing.
One and half stars.
Way to play a stupid practical joke on elderly people.
You should be very proud.
Avoid like the plague.
This is almost certainly the worst Western I have ever seen.
It is so bad I am in disbelief.
Here she has even lost her talent as a star.
Turner took acting seriously even when she was bad.
And that girl who plays the country singer is just sickening.
And even throughout the whole feature there were some bright moments.
But the rest of it is not so good.
Characters are not great either.
But i guess thats scenarists fault.
But the main thing i hated in this movie was the girl.
But loads of interesting stuff.
He could have died as a hero but lives as a coward.
I LOVE bad movies.
The plot is basically non existent.
The special effects are bad.
The acting is bad.
I will tell you anything.
IT was no sense and it was so awful.
i think Hollywood have a lot of film like that.
you do not have do watch it.
people cutter or eater what should i say.
the cast was so great but i think scenario was really awful.
and i should say that Bradley Cooper was totally awesome.
actually i said awful but i think it because of horrible scenes.
let me explain it.
I would have been better off not remembering I even had it.
This movie was atrocious.
it just gets worse and worse.
I found myself pointing out mistake after mistake.
That could have and should have worked.
This was a terrible film.
There was no story line whatsoever.
It just got stupider and stupider as time ticked by.
The ending in fact just made me laugh at how bad it was.
well this is 10 time worse.
Clich all the time.
We are talking about thousands of killings and no one gets notice.
Actually those people are just missing.
That one I can recommend.
I was originally very excited to see this movie.
And I fully agree.
And here come the spoilers.
It was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries.
Do not bother to waste your money on this movie.
The script was horrible.
Perfectly written from the random horror movie format.
We need that kind of stuff for ourselves.
This was seriously bad.
Overall this film commits the crime of blowing another potential idea.
Neither is really charismatic or has much sex appeal.
They are both bland.
I was never so bored in my life.
So she goes to find out that her neighbor above her is a photographer.
It was really lame to have that much drug use in one movie.
It pulled attention from the main plot and a great story about a photographer.
I was looking for a movie about art.
I found a movie about drug use.
Give me Smiley any day.
It leaves lots of room for good comedy and a good story.
His acting was as dull and poor as the movie.
Another actor in this unreal film was Rosie Perez.
off a twenty story apartment building.
The closing song by Johnny Rivers was the only great thing about this movie.
Unfortunately that is all the positive I can say about this western movie.
The hero and the villain in this movie were too plastic.
Not realistic at all.
This was not a democratic or republican western.
It was just a bad western movie to be sold commercially.
I wonder if it made any money.
At times I thought I was watching a movie made by college movie students.
He truly deserves to get his hands cut off and burn alive.
I will never watch or buy any film directed by this heartless monster.
do not see this film.
But I'm not sure anymore what that means after viewing this putrescent presentation.
Characters behave on irritating impulse because there is no plot.
This film could be voted for as a good film.
First of all there is violence used against living creatures to make this film.
Not that we all do not have some real twists with women.
But the conclusion of the film ruins it all.
That seems to be the final conclusion.
Thats just not enough.
But to me this film is just totally marred.
The scene where Bigger stuffs Elizabeth McGovern into the incinerator.
But they really milked that scene.
Other famous performers also seem to be at their worst.
In driving the family daughter to a communist dinner he becomes acquainted.
One thing leads to another and the girl gets drunk.
Watch the 1936 version.
I enjoy watching western films but this movie takes the biscuit.
But thats where it all went pear shaped thereafter.
Buckley could do to him.
Chomsky is rarely interviewed one on one.
He seems to be a font of knowledge that has no bounds.
4 out of 10 stars.
and I'm in a generous mood today.
The footage is shot amateurishly and in video.
In the end each delivers a poignant and insightful message deftly and intelligently.
Yet another media outlet to be skeptical of.
The cheap production values do not help.
This is a very cheaply made werewolf flick.
The video is dark and poorly lit.
The audio is uneven and poorly recorded and mixed.
The acting is as wooden as the characters.
The directing and continuity were pitiful.
Perhaps the most disappointing aspect was the monster.
My wife and I laughed through most of it in disbelief at how bad.
Avoid at all costs and watch one of the classic Werewolf movies instead.
And that is just the tip of the iceberg.
I would have been happier with Lon Chaney Jr.
The beast they used look a great deal like.
It so amateurish that it makes me vomit.
Just stay away of this.
I thought I was going to watch a scary movie.
and ended up laughing all the way throughout the movie.
Todays computer games have ten times better animations.
This movie is a joke.
Tits are pretty much all this movies budget went to.
Just add growling noises and you have got a super werewolf effect.
The gore is partially OK.
13 year old boys rejoice.
The plot and acting make no sense.
unless you want to feel violated also.
I would even watch it again.
He is on the hunt for a girl.
Not any girl though.
And then they got to stop him.
And unfortunately there is little besides the girls to help the plot from breaking.
One usually turns to two main themes.
And then special effects.
Well there are some things that you might call effects.
They are not very special though.
The movie seems to be suffering of a lack of funds.
You might overlook such things.
Just some mutilated corpses afterwards.
I'm not sure what to say about actors and characters.
A few of these lapses could be connected with the problems mentioned above.
The acting is what you would expect really.
It is a total waste of time and money.
The movie is so bad that I felt bad for wanting to watching it.
Everything in it is BAD.
Script was REALLY bad.
The story is stupid.
This move was on TV last night.
But the story is too ridiculous for words.
Very corny lines and the girls scream at everything about every 5 seconds.
But that is about all.
The CG animation is really that primitive.
the bad guy is muscular with red eyes .
Not that I saw much.
This picture was the worst.
That was the one and only time this movie raised any interest.
It telegraphs its sentiments like the biggest semaphore on earth.
My only reservation was that the plot seemed a little too thin.
This plot sounds so sweet and caring.
It seems like the perfect movie for Jack Black.
She just clicked in the role and it worked wonderfully well.
The rest of the cast did their job.
Its plot is stretched far too thin.
Something was lost here and I have yet to understand what it was.
Jack Black is an annoying character.
I really like a movie that has the courage to explore Mexican culture.
I suspect Mexico is more culturally opaque than Jack Black has presented here.
We loved School of Rock and Jack Black.
My husband hated it too.
The only funny parts were in the trailers.
The writing was awful.
It had every terrible stereotype of Hispanic people who should be utterly offended.
Save you money and your time.
and the other characters were equally unmasking and uninteresting.
The soundtrack was tedious.
The truth is this film has NOTHING to offer.
Yeah it is like that.
At the least give you a serious talking to.
I kept hearing that this film portrayed Mexicans very negatively.
It is excruciating to watch.
Any and every opportunity for comedy is mercilessly squandered.
I admit I do not like Jack Black anyway.
The only thing I can come up with where he was o.
It is not even slapstick.
She has a nephew named.
William Boyd must be spinning in his grave.
The cinematography was quite good and the settings looked very authentic.
What else can I say but.
The actors were doing good at bringing their characters to life.
I would highly suggest not to watch this.
Even if the result lately are rather poor.
I dropped everything to watch this movie on Cable.
30 minutes in I was having trouble staying awake.
60 minutes in and I hit the record button and fell asleep.
Finished watching it the next morning.
I guarantee you at least an hour and a half of uninterrupted sleep.
This movie was a total disaster.
But in this movie we needed someone to like.
All the other actors played their usual styles.
It had potential except for their unwillingness to build upon the story.
I do not like the character at all.
Hard to believe they meant a lot to each other.
This movie will surely bore you as well.
avoid at all costs.
It was a serious movie but could not be taken seriously.
A familiar movie plot.
Being at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Very robotic and too regimented.
Damage control needs to fix this damage of a film.
This movie manages to not only be boring but revolting as well.
Usually a revolting film is watchable for the wrong reasons.
This movie is unwatchable.
I did manage to sit through this.
An embarrassment to all the good Jewish folk everywhere.
This is a truly terrible film.
I'm only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it.
I used to watch Daria all the time and loved it.
His buddy is equally unconcerned.
must be standard priest training.
They ask their question and go.
This really is the worst film I have ever seen.
50 to watch this steaming turd of a movie.
I was really horrified by this eerie movie.
What an unusual dark atmosphere.
And such a creepy musical score.
I was not entirely impressed by this film.
That was a sad point.
It will surely flop after a few days and word gets out.
we will move on.
the plot meanders about.
About 1 hour into the film one really wonder if anything has happened.
Here are the problems I had with the film.
The attempts to tie these threads together were pathetic at best.
1 out of 10.
They really suit you.
Probably one of my worst movie nights.
The only other member of this order is a funny alcoholic fat guy.
You know the sort of people I'm talking about.
It is quite possible to make truly creepy films that are also orthodox.
The same goes for these sorts of movies.
Avoid this steaming pile.
There was no real suspense.
Most of the characters were insipid.
The chesty Irish priest was as lame as the love interest.
This film is entirely devoid of positives.
really that is not being fair to the economically disenfranchised.
Satire is a tricky thing.
i think that is what happened.
So it becomes like a weird caricature.
Do you think Mr.
I will always love John Ritter best in slapstick.
He was just too pathetic here.
There were ridiculous special effects and no connection with any of the characters.
This one fits into the latter.
A recommended film only for people who like to think while they watch.
6 out of 10.
There is no substance whatsoever in this entire film.
Nothing on screen connected relevance back to whatever the characters were talking about.
This movie makes church seem like a roller coaster ride.
Sex and the priesthood.
Conspiracy involving the church.
The dawn of a new evil age.
All kinds of dark magic voodoo battles between good and evil.
Pretty stupid and lame with a weak storyline to suffice.
Apparently neither did the main character for stealing two hours of my life.
Not so Royal Flash.
The dueling and fencing was awful and undramatic.
A pathetic betrayal of everything the books are about.
How I would have loved to see him in the role.
What kills the film is that it is made as a comedy.
This two reeler was part of a larger stage production that lists six writers.
This movie is nothing but one scene of blatant shock value after the next.
The editing and everything else that is technical about this movie is perfectly fine.
More blood than all the Freddy Krueger movies combined.
The whole movie is revolved around the shock value.
My mind is still scarred.
This is the worst film i have seen in a long time.
So do yourself a favor.
Watch this film only if you have absolutely nothing better to do.
Even then you will regret having put yourself through the unspeakable torture.
There is no emotion in this film.
It was dull and boring.
I watch a lot of bad movies.
I pride myself on that fact.
many times there are some gems in the B rated bombs.
But this movie is one of the worst I have watched.
I like a good horror movie.
but one with a plot of and sense of movement.
The opening scenes seemed pretty good.
Decent music and imagery.
Then it goes down hill from there.
Now this will in turn threaten to reveal his secret.
They made that too much of a focus of the movie.
No need to keep bringing it up.
So all is revealed there and even though she had a gun.
somehow she manages to get herself strangled.
So you mean to tell me in this movie the bad guy wins.
And not one but two innocent people die.
I also saw this movie at a local screening about a year ago.
I just wish the movie had been as good as it looks.
I would not call this a horror movie.
I do not know I was not happy with the ending.
The characters do not even act like a normal person would.
Way too many flashbacks to her childhood.
Too many unnecessary flashbacks is a typical sign of an amateur director.
0 out of 100.
I really pity anybody who spent money making this film or to watch it.
This was a movie about infidelity and revenge.
This movie took forever to establish the plot.
A plot that has been done many times.
The acting was lousy for the most part.
Laura and Ashley are twins that live with an abusive father.
Of course no good can come of this.
It was a horror in the true sense of the word.
However she can not resist watching the tapes and she kinda likes them.
The cast are largely awful and mainly very average looking too.
She also fits in a little lesbian activity.
To be honest Lovell deserves so much better than this kind of fare.
Utterly rubbish movie with Lovell and soundtrack the only real redeeming features.
The language would put to shame the street loafers.
Do not be fooled.
Avoid at all costs.
Betty Page would disappear and devote her last years to religion.
Miss Richards is stunning in her own right.
Be advised this movie can change your heart rate.
I'm kinda torn on DARK ANGEL.
The acting is pretty wooden and unmemorable from everyone involved.
This movie was bad beyond belief.
I saw it during the 2004 San Francisco Film Festival.
We all understood by the end.
Its not a documentary though it was sort of sold as one.
it was that ludicrous.
I know movies are expensive.
They should destroy this movie too.
The major flaw with the film is its uninspired script.
Also of note is some faithful attention to detail.
They made me watch this in school and it was terrible.
The movie is outdated.
This accounts for cheesy acting very often.
Every class had something to do with this terrible show.
In math we talked about charts and other sea crap.
All day everyday was torture.
I'm still trying to block this out.
I love low budget independent films and had high hopes for this one.
But this film is static.
The editing is glacial and the pacing stalls.
It should have been 65 minutes.
The best thing about the Dr.
He had the most dramatic potential.
It feels like a backwater stage play committed to video.
Instead it is just a lame retread.
IT IS So Sad.
The music they play in this is the funniest stuff i have ever heard.
i like the brother and sister in this movie.
I found it only a few weeks ago.
This film was indeed well worth 98 cents.
But clearly worth 98 cents.
And remember that saying about getting what you pay for.
For slasher film mavens only.
This movie is a bad to alright rip off of Friday the 13th.
The intro is seeing Bernie killing his first victims.
I can hardly believe how regressive it is in it is view of women.
By reading the box at the video store this movie looks rather amusingly disturbing.
You know the type.
funny but supposed to frighten you.
this was not funny or horrific.
the writing was lame.
the jokes failed to make me laugh even at their extreme mundaneness.
they were so expected.
watch this movie at your own risk.
This is a horrible film in every way.
They would receive a D for this.
College kids would receive an F or asked to leave the school.
My wife left me and went to bed after the first 20 minutes.
She made a wise decision.
Unfortunately it is just not that good.
Sky Captain is just a video game injected with live performers.
The three main performers are pitiful.
It was pretty horrible.
The story is horrible beyond belief.
Its just bad and annoying.
The visuals were great and the film did a nice job on that.
Sky Captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality.
The main reason I watched this movie is because of Angelina Jolie.
Her performance is surprisingly bland as well.
The movie is not a complete bust though.
I entered the theater to Sky Captain in 2004 expecting a good film.
They stole just to show that they could.
The protagonists are the only real human beings here.
I can see the studio pitch now.
So there you have it.
You could actually see the blue screen the actors were working with.
I'm very upset with myself for paying money to see this.
No problem with that.
I have seen few films look this good in some time.
What Sky Captain has in atmosphere and graphics it lacks in storytelling and characterization.
The plot for this film is ridiculous.
I had little interest in a story that generated little interest.
Jolie was a joke with a role with virtually no substance.
Damn that opening shot for filling me hope.
It succeeded on none of these fronts.
Her performance was the only comedy I found.
Rent the movie and you will know what I mean.
I will admit it.
75 I paid to get into the theater.
I do not think this is at all true.
Especially so for those who experienced those entertainments when they were children.
This film is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of those.
He did a pretty good job anyway considering how he was basically wasted.
When it is used to substitute for natural locations it disappoints.
There is no real sense of wonder.
As for the weak and clichd script.
homage is no excuse.
It would be hard to be worse.
Just a big dull clich mess.
I would rather break my femur than sit through this endurance test again.
Save your money and your time.
Not entertaining at all.
It lacked life and spark.
A big problem is with the two leads.
Ignore the critical acclaims for this film.
And I wanted to love it.
She told me they would never have an interest or need to do it.
This movie feels so EMPTY.
Looking at the floor for their marks.
They have advanced warning an attack is coming.
the movie is over.
I gave 1 to this film.
I do not recall the name.
The plot was kind of weak and the lines were pretty corny.
Many times I think thats what makes their characters unbelievable.
and anything that stands in the way of having more babies is very bad.
A real mess of a film from start to finish.
The warning signs were there.
Nothing in the film was explained.
The narration was idiotic.
I sincerely hope all involved in the film are hanged for this atrocity.
Round and Round and Round.
You get the idea.
VERY VERY Strange accents at many points.
I have NO idea what these people thought they were doing.
I was hoping that this film was going to be at least watchable.
The plot was weak to say the least.
Plot troubling to follow.
It will sit on the shelf and look at me from time to time.
And there are some Russian gangsters.
Avoid this film like the plague.
A waste of time.
The premise was not too bad.
the first film I had to walk out on.
She possesses the worst Russian accent in movie history.
I missed a few things out last time.
Definitely one of the worst 5 films I have ever seen.
This will probably be a lot less painful than watching the film.
As the for the major problem.
be warned and stay the hell away from this rubbish.
thats the peak of the contemporary British crime film.
Words really can not describe how bad this film is.
She sounded more Asian than Jewish.
The plot is complete chaos.
It simply does not make sense.
The story is so poorly told that I simply could not understand it.
The shots are well composed throughout the film.
I am amazed by the big names who agreed to star in this film.
It is such a waste of their talents.
This film is very bad.
the road side bar scene in Russia.
I was slightly starstruck as this was my first Film experience.
On the positive side.
I do not remember the last time I saw a film quite this bad.
Never before or since as a film made me feel so angry.
Plain and simply a cancer on the world of cinema.
I know I do.
I went three days after it opened with two other mates.
The only other person in the cinema was one bloke on his own.
And that was on cheap night.
This is a film that had a lot to live down to .
Likewise a James Bond film though the plots are stretched out with action scenes .
Both movies were utter rubbish.
Then you have the character of Nick Wolf.
Just like Highlander did.
This movie was one of the worst I have ever seen.
By far the worst movie of all time.
Try explaining that one to the kids.
Made on a budget of 75 cents.
This movie was a real torture fest to sit through.
As for the performers.
Particularly embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor.
But even his performance is hobbled by the lifeless concert shooting.
And with more exciting musicians.
First this film has much of the same crew that the first two had.
It has also been called the PREQUEL to the original Black Stallion.
upon further notice it appears to be a gelding.
Thankfully it was a very short movie.
Approach wild animals without any fear.
I will give it a 3.
It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
This film is just plain horrible.
There are at least 3 others that suck more.
Patti Hansen delivers her lines with the passion of Ben Stein.
This movie is seriously horrible.
Please do not watch it.
The acting is mediocre.
Plus you have the mummy being able to kill people with one arm.
You know how it will end.
A resurrected wrapped monster goes on a murdering binge.
A lunatic is seeking revenge against living members of a previous expedition.
Universal seems to be running out of wrapping as well as new ideas.
Most of the budget was probably spent on Lon Chaney Jr.
The principles perform capably.
This is a very bad western mainly because it is historically inaccurate.
Dorothy Malone is completely wasted as his wife.
Mark Steven never seems to know how to portray this mysterious Jack Slade.
He was feared by his local townsmen for his hard drinking.
This is a horrible movie.
The Perfectly Stupid Weapon.
Everything is in human terms.
The arrogance of these researchers is disgusting.
I had been expecting an insightful documentary of animals on their own terms.
I wanted to learn how animals emote in their OWN languages.
This movie deserves credit for its original approach.
This movie is probably the worst I have seen.
The movie fails miserably in this attempt.
The movie was just pure kicking.
This move is about as bad as they come.
He gives a performance far more human then the inexpressive Kathy Long.
someone needed to make a car payment.
this is truly awful.
this is an hour I wish I could sue to get back.
luckily it produced severe somnolence.
from which I fell asleep.
please for the love of god let this movie die of obscurity.
The actors do not have much to work with.
The sets were staged out in the desert to cut costs.
But the rest never comes.
It also has some curly haired woman who fights a lot.
This movie will promote the improvement of the mind.
Embarrassment is one of many descriptions that come to mind.
Now that has to really tell you something.
Now she wants revenge.
Most of the occurring actions are pretty senseless and routine.
However her acting is too wooden.
There were a few high points on the part of the cyborgs.
50 cents on the rental.
There are some strong similarities between the show and this movie.
THEN you might want to purchase a copy.
James Dean certainly proved he knew how to mumble his way through a movie.
The whole film is incredibly slow and goes on for far too long.
Esther Kahn is still not ready to go before an audience.
Many scenes seem utterly fake and without energy.
With all due disrespect for this George Stevens Sr.
Nor were Rock and Liz that much better off.
As big as a Texas prairie and equally as boring.
You will not be missing anything of interest.
This movie is just crap.
This won actually won an Academy Award for bes foreign film.
I was a bit underwhelmed by the predictability and simplicity of the film.
Then it looks good again.
But then the reporter interferes.
Nor have the writers turned her wistful and gentle.
The jocks are stereotypes.
It challenges none of our prejudices.
It reaffirms out belief that the world can be divided into Good and Evil.
I am normally a Spike Lee fan.
It was sad and it even made me blush.
That did not build for a strong remaining of the story.
The real love of his life though is his trumpet and his music.
He simply lacks the fire.
There are two groups of people.
those who love every Fellini movie they see and normal people.
This movie fails to do so.
The art direction and costume design are however OUTSTANDING.
This viewer was grateful.
I find it hard imagine an audience who enjoys this film.
It was a story not worth telling.
I should explain why i gave this.
Simply because it is hard or next to impossible to rate it unbiased.
Seems the producers of the film forgot to have anything interesting happen.
These are just symptoms of the underlying problem.
The ending is particularly lame.
Julia is menaced purely by accident.
Then it occurred to me.
Lisa is no Irene.
There is never any doubt about her purpose.
Richard Long has a nice blond girl friend.
Kelly is a somewhat reckless womanizer.
But they all get along well enough and all of them seem happy.
I think I will skip over most of the questions that the plot raises.
I will just mention one of the more prosaic ones in passing.
Something or someone is following her.
She freezes with fright under a street lamp.
Something rustles the branches of the shrubs above her.
There is no set up to the shot.
I recommend it to families and kids.
With the MASSIVE advertising this is getting on Nickelodeon and Nick Jr.
Even my son was bored by the end.
Bad in every respect.
AND THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE A MOVIE FOR CHILDREN.
They want to be the first flies in space.
The first thing you notice is the animation of the film.
I found it done very well done.
There were many times I focused more on my computer than the story.
History was not followed in this film.
It was not made for the entire family.
This is certainly just for kids.
This is not a good movie.
Too preachy in parts and the story line was sub par.
I almost fell asleep in this movie.
1st the good news.
When I saw this trailer on TV I was surprised.
It was a cute movie.
but that was it.
they will thank you.
I want to give the artists props for doing their homework on the hardware.
But we liked the maggots.
So they get a point and a half for rockets and maggots.
It is pretty surreal what these flies can do.
At first I must tell you that I love animated movies.
At least they could have make them black.
I guess it was written for 6 year old kids.
I could tell it in two sentences it is so over simplified.
The story is to be generous.
The humor is of the Romper Room variety.
It seemed to smack of indifference to me on the part of the creators.
Almost every hour or every issue.
And the script is a nightmare.
That was the feeling we have got when we saw Shades.
This is a very sad movie.
Nothing happens in this movie.
Shades is a waste of your time.
Maybe you could sneak in the theater after you have seen a real movie.
It was advertised to death on local radio and TV.
I hope it will disappear in the Shades soon.
Nothing against the occasional swear word.
However this was way beyond annoying.
The religion has over a billion followers.
Grand Hotel is comparatively modern melodrama.
This is no exception.
And sentiment is all this has going for it.
Ford went on to make decent movies.
This is too dated to be anything but bad.
It feels entirely false.
Henry Fonda with a fake nose is bizarre.
This video contains an outsmart way to confuse and manipulate Americans about Islam.
They use images that are misplaced from their original content.
To end the comment I would like to make a reflexion.
Try something that provides multiple points of view from qualified sources.
This documentary has so many problems that I hardly know what to say.
The problems with this movie begin with the fact that it is a documentary.
This is really a documentary about the fundamentalist aspects of Islam and nothing more.
There was nothing positive about Islam presented in the documentary.
I watched the documentary while viewing another translation and the differences were striking.
This is simply not true.
Christianity has fundamentalists that shoot abortion clinic doctors and so on.
There are many wise people in the world who believe neither of these assertions.
I am not nor have I ever been a Muslim.
I have never read the Koran.
But I am an intelligent and discerning human.
Be your own brain.
An interesting idea that falls apart due to poor execution.
But there is really little development of any of them.
acting scene and the frustrations which stem from constant rejection.
what it is is bad.
And he has this strange obsession with the movie Taxi Driver.
surfer dude in the naive hope this will get him acting roles.
The little robot guy does look kinda cute.
The style of animation does look sort of familiar to some classic shows.
I suspect the real Abe Lincoln was a lot more interesting than this film.
And main characters are not interesting.
Also this show has no logic.
I will just say they are hidden and quite dirty.
Anyone notice that Tommy only has 3 facial expressions.
The angry eyes look he gives every enemy.
It is witless and often embarrassing.
Some movies go best unseen.
Potential minor spoilers ahead.
Unfortunately it is all style and no substance.
This story is about the romantic triangle between a nth.
Why is not clear.
This was a complete disappointment.
if you are o.
If you want a cheesy fictional story go for it.
At least I could have known what I was missing.
This is a mediocre film at best.
There were many loose ends that do not show up or are not addressed.
Although both are promised to others.
oddly enough they still feel that their soul mate is out there somewhere.
Being a romantic I am almost obligated to be riveted.
John Corbett plays the worst role I have ever seen him in.
On the other hand Eugene Levy is quirky and funny.
Watch this with your soul mate.
Watching this movie is a lot like that.
The only value to this movie was the never ending supply of beautiful women.
Maybe I just missed it.
maybe that way u can watch it to rip this movie with some mates.
0 was an excellent reference.
My vote is four.
This movie is nowhere near as original.
The shaky camera work is more annoying than clever or atmospheric.
She absolutely is the scream queen of the new millennium.
this film was pretty much merit less.
I had to watch this in school.
And to sum it up.
This movie is such a waste of your time.
You will be so disappointed.
My teacher said it was supposed to be good.
How wrong she was.
She even slept through it a little.
So unrealistic and I can honestly said it had no point.
The script was unemotional and confusing.
Also there were just too many loose ties and plot holes.
It was just absolutely horrendous.
But I got over it.
This was just plain terrible.
No one would want to watch this.
This is one turkey that should never have been made.
But God help you if this is your only choice for entertainment.
Christopher Lambert is annoying and disappointing in his portrayal as GIDEON.
to every cheesy action that had to do with drugs and coolness.
And do not think I like the army.
First time EVER I walked out of a movie.
And I lived through some pretty bad ones.
At least not on any level used as a measure for films.
And that is saying something if you like stereotypes.
Just in case somebody thinks I'm not being PC enough.
Every clich is used several times without any original twist.
A high school comedy setup in a military training camp.
I'm sorry I had to give this 1 star which it did not deserve.
You can sense it in their voices.
Next the guy has to exercise in his wedding suit.
We need those so the sexually obsessed Germans will like the movie as well.
Switzerland is too small a market for any feature film.
The military routines are as sloppy as they can get.
The bad guys attempt to do this in open daylight with two dozen eyewitnesses.
Not at night in a dark alley.
There are no such things as guards or fences.
The explosion knocks the hit men and the enraged fiance off their feet.
Unfortunately it is none of those.
A flick about the Swiss army could be a good deal better.
The humor is weak except for some shots.
Not a hell of a lot screen time though.
There is a lot of wasted talent and time here.
The cast is more impressive than the movie.
The most notable being McCarthy and Moore.
Lowe is quite obnoxious.
Coming of age is not so damn easy.
It must have just been one whole joke to them on set.
It really is that offensive to the genre.
The Cheating Bastard cheats until it is time for him to get caught.
Kinda in the way that watching this movie is not.
The girls are all boy toy pushovers.
Was it the directing or the writing.
Give me a break.
Transitions and jumps in time simply do not make sense.
but it still is a horrible movie.
Twenty years later the film is still awful.
Perhaps it was the disorganized storyline.
Perhaps it was because everything was a garish hyperbole.
and i would like to forward that same sentiment to the idiot producers.
it is as simple as that.
I hated it and I'm not afraid to say so.
And I really do not understand anybody with opposite myth.
I especially mean the role of H.
The character was played in affected and annoying way.
No concept of real life.
I have wasted 2 hours of my life i will never get back.
Please never watch this movie.
And so many like it.
I watched this movie yesterday and was highly disappointed.
The first half of this movie is a pure delight.
What more could you ask.
As a romantic comedy this starts refreshing.
It heads into unexplored territory.
And then it falls apart.
As a people film it begins with such promise.
It could have been different.
It could have been magical.
It ended up being the same old same old.
This is one of the worst movies I have seen this year.
No sex but just about everything else.
Gray and Sam decided to check out the dog park with a borrowed pooch.
They become great friends.
This is good because when she comes clean with Sam about the kiss.
He blows up and kicks her out of their apartment.
When Sam comes to his senses he goes to her office.
Gray works at an ad agency.
This office is smack in the middle of the twilight zone.
So Gray and Gordy return with Gordy in drag.
I wish I would known more about this movie when I rented it.
Could have been better.
I had to walk out on this film fifteen minutes from the end.
having passed through the cringe stage and into pure boredom.
Gray Matters proves to be one of the blandest films I have ever seen.
Nothing about it felt real and everything was very cheesy.
The serious scenes were handled poorly and all of the emotions just felt phony.
The acting was mostly weak which was a bit surprising given the decent cast.
Heather Graham gave the only good performance in the movie.
The revelation that Gray is secretly gay is apparently only a surprise to her.
Molly Shannon plays the homely friend with lumpen insouciance.
My wife and I were both bored out of our minds within 10 minutes.
Heather Graham is possibly the worst actress in films today.
She smiles when she should be crying and vice versa.
I can not stress enough how bad this movie was.
Then the movie takes a turn for the worse.
This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
all time movie comments are actually the actors themselves in disguise.
There are two laughs in HOT ROD.
Or his fake mustache.
The only part that was decently funny with Andy was the pool part.
Which is about half the United States.
I saw a free screening in NY the other night.
I can only hope they show the funny version to the paying customers.
I know I was expecting more from it.
My family and I screened Underdog the night before.
KGB on the other side desperately wants the new technology.
The movie is quite ambitious but lacking in many areas.
You can not see what is happening.
And the ninjas seem almost immune to bullets while Soviet guards die like flies.
He gets exclusive broadcast rights and sets up phone lines to get donations.
Rod gets a new outfit and a real motorcycle.
The whole town turns out and the world tunes in.
I will not mince words.
This movie was bad.
The story was bad.
The acting was bad.
anything is better than spending time in front of the TV watching hot rod.
This movie is one of the worst comedy movies i have ever seen.
Just face it people the dumb humor has been mastered already.
Make something new for once.
All these new comedies are just horrible.
I hope he can bounce back from this awful movie.
The plot is truly the worst ever written.
Now you tell me if this is weird.
Only so that Rod can beat Frank in a fight and prove his manliness.
the part where he falls down the mountain had me yawning.
I knew by that point that this movie would not make me laugh once.
they must have owed favors or something.
In fact that is another movie I hate.
Richard Harris plays Quint.
Especially if someone is fortunate to be snoozing at the side of you.
Damn cheek if you ask me.
I always have to see it through to the end.
What a huge mistake.
Especially if someone is fortunate to be snoozing at the side of you.
Damn cheek if you ask me.
I always have to see it through to the end.
What a huge mistake.
Even if they are implausible and silly.
Like in a really posh kind of way.
Yes its somewhat outrageous.
And the poor attempt at character development and writing just hurts it more.
Even JAWS the Revenge is scarier than this.
This flick represents 92 minutes of my life that I will never get back.
Two things stand out in this film.
His performance lacks the usual vitality.
So I was at least somewhat amused by it.
June Allyson as his regular love interest holds up the family values and E.
Hoover is executive producer.
The cinematography is quite nice though.
Everything about this film was terrible.
The sound track was like one of a very bad slap stick comedy.
It quickly becomes sidetracked with just about every imaginable topic relating to cars.
None of the people in the film are actually heard.
A movie that makes you want to throw yourself on a sword.
May God pity the souls who made this.
I watched this film on the Hallmark Channel recently.
has sent out to troops for Christmas.
The boyfriend is very different from the soldier.
He prefers wine and trips to France over hard labor and the great outdoors.
The woman prefers the latter.
They happen to spend a lot of time together.
She gradually becomes attracted to his persona.
Then one day he kisses her and and she kisses him back.
The film ends with the woman and the soldier getting together.
Alice looked like she had a board strapped to her backside.
She was stiff throughout the movie.
Ed certainly has not lost his charisma.
I wish I would taken the time to meet him while he was here.
I make Nevada City my home and was anxiously awaiting the premiere.
I was sadly disappointed.
There are some quite good films rated much lower than this one.
Watch The Family Stone.
This film deserves another bad review.
It is not bad acting.
It is the flat effect of post traumatic stress disorder.
No evil doers here.
This film is to the F.
Shamelessly sanitized version of the Federal Bureau of Investigation fight against crime.
Even the gunshots are canned and familiar.
The charm of the movie is missing.
Its too good to miss.
I was fully amped up to see this film.
The screenplay felt like it had been written by a first year film student.
one who has never seen a movie before.
Unfortunately Forbidden Siren belonged more to the latter.
The bad guys win.
The film begins with them running from the police.
I would say this was an experiment that really did not work.
Too much dialog and plot.
They made something like 108 films altogether.
But other then those I find something wonderful in just about all their shorts.
Quite a record in my book.
I got a few good laughs out of it at first.
the scenes on the ship with unreal sea in background.
2 out of 10.
The great Austrian comic Hans Moser is wasted.
But I'm sure most people know this already.
Sunny gives a pathetic performance once again repeating the same type of role.
Give me a break.
And all the songs and music of the movie are all bad.
Most likely the Sikhs will love th movie cause they are being misguided.
The movie sucks and sucks with power.
Its not the cast.
Its not the setting.
Whereas in the U.
we know we have to go out there and create value for someone.
Living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school.
This movie is painfully slow and has no plot.
One of the older ones is sincere in his attempt to get a job.
I do not understand why it had a 7.
8 when I decided to watch it.
I watched the whole tedious thing and built expectations for a huge redeeming payoff.
5 was worth watching.
I give it a 1.
Things are unrealistically grim.
This movie only manages to make me grow disinterested in their fate.
Pretentious is the only conclusion I can draw.
It wanders throughout and loses everyone but the audience.
The plot is loose and the acting is mediocre.
I'm very can not understand when they show us this bad film.
I say it was bad because there is some reason.
go for the extended pedicure.
This new film is a mess.
Time is too precious to be wasted on crap like this.
My back literally hurts from cringing so much at poorly delivered lines.
The sexual tension feels real and immediate.
None of that is in here.
My girlfriend made me watch it.
There is nothing positive to say about this film.
An embarrassment all round.
They are quite obviously business plants.
I knew it starred Madonna.
I knew it lasted a whole week in theaters.
I knew it got a lot of bad reviews.
The benefit of the doubt lasted a whole ten minutes.
Madonna gives a typically wooden performance.
The ending is sappy and implausible.
You will not miss anything.
Many an actress have done better in conveying so much doing so little.
but it was terrible.
but she seems resistant to be anything but a cinematic black hole.
This is absolutely the dumbest movie I have ever seen.
What a waste of a splendid cast.
The only thing this movie is about is us vs.
This movie was extremely depressing.
The characters were so cold.
She becomes totally obsessed with the guy.
I think this is the part where I started to dislike the movie.
This movie is an insult to women kind.
like using my face as a pin cushion.
This movie is truly one of the worst pieces of garbage ever.
It really is surprising that something so completely terrible could be made.
The movie begins terribly and quickly becomes unwatchable.
Then at least you can clean up or something while viewing it.
He is the sidekick of the cult leader.
I wish I could get back the moments I lost watching this.
The cult kills some of its followers or some of the people in town.
Some of the sound effects were pretty bad.
As for the quality.
All of those titles are better.
This is bad even for backyard wrestling.
These guys are good.
They went legit and have gotten better.
I recommend checking out those 2 guys.
I understand what this movie was trying to portray.
Sometimes on a back yard trampoline.
ALL are poorly acted and executed with a shameless lack of any wrestling skill.
But I thought thats where the political statement would begin and end.
But then the movie turned into a liberal infomercial.
Give me a break.
I thought the plot was great and unique.
I thought Michael Douglas was a good choice as president.
I do not think I was the only person in the cinema laughing.
Both have been involved in some great independent British films in recent years.
I can not say that Adam fared much better either.
I am not a prude.
It was only 80 minutes long.
It is a little masterpiece.
Gritty and bloody scenes of murder and revenge to round it all off.
The couple then set about getting their revenge.
Gratuitous does not enter into it.
It is almost unwatchable in its ludicrousness.
Maybe it thinks it is profound.
Likewise I had to remove square parentheses.
It has extremely cheap acting and is very low budget.
My friend and I eventually turned off the movie after about half an hour.
Character is not explored in depth.
A mature writer could have done so much more with this topic.
Firstly I must say I am a fan of both exploitation and serious film.
And any number of inventive and increasingly brutal Italian spin offs.
This was just pointless though.
This movie is the worst I have seen in the last 5 years.
This director should be banned.
The beginning was interesting.
I liked the relationship between the two stars.
They then decide to go for some revenge.
This UK psychological thriller is known in the United States as CLOSURE.
Their final decision is to avenge with no mercy.
What could make a rap group look more foolish I can not imagine.
The rest are for little kids.
Plus it is focused too much on Christianity.
This is my truth.
The character of the daughter was particularly incoherent.
0 is no match for The Searchers.
The girl should have won an Oscar compared to those two.
Pretty much everyone else.
wow it is hard to even.
Even the luscious Erika Blanc is put to waste here.
Most of the movie is him picking up redheads and attacking them.
Exceptionally horrible tale that I can barely put into words.
All the good stuff more than likely.
Watch this one with a friend and a bottle of the hard stuff.
You will need it.
There are other key characters in this film that revolve around Alan.
We later find that she is having a love affair with Albert.
He can be quite volatile.
The only thing really worth watching are the many boobs spread throughout the film.
I just thought for the most part this movie was a tad dull.
Another man is injected and then buried alive.
None of the actors look English.
The cars drive on their wrong side of the road.
Nick is a handsome young gay man fresh out of Oxford.
His coy subjection to rich bigots soon had me climbing the walls.
This gives Gerald one final opportunity to roundly castigate the hapless boy.
Watching The Tenants has been a interesting experience for me.
I found his characterization very uncomfortable and very unsympathetic.
The lighting of the film was also awkward.
sadly enough this movie disappointed me none the less.
Everyone is not charitable.
Americans and the U.
No wonder the Weinstein Company did not buy this.
There is no way you can watch this and enjoy.
The preacher is a joke.
The whole idea is not funny.
You can make a 2 minute film with this idea not a feature.
I am so sorry I rented this movie.
It is completely garbage.
And what a load of sentimental claptrap it is.
This film is not a good film at all.
This is a genuinely horrible film.
and most of the public can not stand.
None of them generate any interest or positive response.
I thought it stunk.
Nightmare on Elm St.
So the directing totally fails.
It seems so pointless.
Freddy is just an annoyance now.
We have seen him so many times before.
This is rock bottom.
Nobody will ever take Freddy Krueger seriously again after seeing this film.
By now they had just given up.
They do not even try.
Its so simple it is almost absent.
At the beginning we learn that to stop him Alice must find his mother.
And that is it.
The girls are as unattractive as possible.
I have seen better actors in school plays.
Lisa Wilcox still manages to bring some class to this.
The Dream Child is just another unimaginative sequel.
The end for the once scary Freddy.
A clown that is not funny.
This one is just like the 6th movie.
The movie is really bad.
It offers nothing in the death department.
Freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie.
Lisa Wilcox is still the only thing that makes this one worth while.
The characters are extremely underdeveloped.
Simply bad and insulting.
I can not really recommend this movie.
Part 1 was suspenseful and gory.
Part 2 was off beat and entertaining.
Part 3 was interesting with great effects.
Part 5 is more boring than anything I have ever seen before.
Freddy seems to be completely out of this one.
It should not be left to some unrelated publication.
Or perhaps she just looks competent by comparison to the rest of the cast.
I gave A Nightmare On Elm Street Part Five a one out of ten.
I consider this film one of the worst in the Nightmare series.
They tried to shoot a horror film instead of a comedy.
Unfortunately they forgot to add suspense and scares.
Not even the special effects were as good as for example in part 4.
This marked the official death of scariness to the series.
Freddy seems to be the comedic relief now.
The scripting between the creative gore moments is rather unbearable.
3 out of 10.
Patty Hansen is no actress either.
This clunker I could barely sit through once.
This movie was reputedly not released because of the brouhaha surrounding Ms.
However they should have stopped it before it began.
I do not think anyone could be happy with this sequel.
There was no acting that deserves any recognition in this movie whatsoever.
nice makeup there too.
This movie is just horrible from the start.
STAY AWAY from this movie at all costs.
Do not waste your time on this piece of garbage.
Calling this a horror film is rather misleading as it bores not frightens.
this movie is so bad i cant even suggest renting it.
He utters a couple words and the credits roll.
Decent enough with some stylish imagery however the tiny budget hampers things.
Worth checking out if only for the soundtrack.
This movie had none.
But what I got was a real sucking stupidity.
Sometimes its turns out to be good or more evenly bad.
This has got to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen.
Make sure to avoid this turkey.
No doubt Frank Sinatra was a talented actor as well as a talented singer.
A relic that needs to be put back in the time capsule.
Terrible film with Frank Sinatra as Tony Rome.
Rome is soon hired to find out what happened to a woman.
Her acting leads a lot to be desired.
Amazing to note they were both 28 years old and Mr.
Watch it with friends who want a good laugh.
it is full of them.
I am going with the ladder.
The storyline moved slowly and when it picked up it was still boring.
Suspense fell flat every single time.
It was extremely unsettling.
this is one of the worst dragged out films I have ever seen.
This film has so much filler it makes a Twinkie cake jealous.
I guess I was inspired by the movie I just watched.
I see lots of good reviews for this movie.
Seems that the U of O sign was shown.
Quite a time for a young 20 year old.
Trombone player from Oregon.
The movie and the story line did not need it.
I was interested in seeing this movie because I knew it was Christian based.
only that you stay with someone you made a bad choice with.
We all make mistakes.
it is all about what steps you take to make amends.
I should say he fixates on the past girlfriend.
He recalls to the day when the relationship ended.
The dream sequences only lack the hazy transitions.
He fondly recalls their favorite songs and places they went.
I mean confront her.
Which was really creepy.
We enjoyed the movie mostly for unintentional comedic value.
I am still entertaining the wife with my Dave impressions.
Everything about the movie was very unprofessionally done.
And Marie Osmond looks like she did battle with the Avon Lady.
and lost big time.
WAY too much eyeliner.
This may be the worst show I have ever seen.
I wonder who was responsible for this mess.
yep that is how Corny it is.
The lights came up and I watched everyone looking around in confusion.
This movie had a lot of Potential but fell to little to short.
Hollywood has produced movies based on one of the darkest days of our nation.
It changed our perception of security.
It changed our understanding of the evil of man and humanity.
Hollywood has sunk to a new low.
I am very angry at this movie.
Think back to that day of the outcry of families of loved ones.
Think back to that day of the lives lost on those two planes.
Think back to the further carnage it caused following the attacks.
Ask yourself if you have a soul.
This movie is just disgusting.
I made a little list of things I enjoyed in the movie.
The Dude was a pussy.
Again making fun of Bush.
WE GET IT HE'S AN IDIOT.
The killing of minors 11.
Most of the cast were just outrages and out there.
The Dude uses a cat as a silencer like in the game.
He made another crappy game into movie adaption.
There is no single scene I could laugh about.
in a movie where children are shot dead to achieve humor.
good taste goes over the edge.
The jokes are good.
if you have never heard them a THOUSAND times before.
I even a few moments wonder if they are even using a script.
The movie has little to NOTHING to do with the original games.
I WOULDN'T even steal this movie.
I'm not going to waste my time writing an essay and waste your time.
You can still watch this movie and have good moral values.
well pretty much everything else.
The roles that Gabriel and Grace play in this mystery are fairly futile.
The script and voice acting alone ruined it.
Gabriel and Grace are the most unlikeable characters in the game.
You almost pray for their deaths.
The lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing.
I'm amazed it got off the drawing board.
I'm not even Christian and I found it offensive.
There is no sense of urgency for Gabriel to find the baby.
The graphics are pretty bad.
They are chunky and outdated.
And it is not fun.
And he seems really grossed out that they slept together.
And he was constantly making stupid sexual innuendos at anything female the entire game.
I found the story to be annoying and boring.
We do get a few action style puzzles at the end.
I can not really recommend this game.
I only recently dusted it off to see what I would been missing.
My favorite characters were ruined.
I hope there will be a fourth game just to redeem the series.
And I hope they get it right next time.
It would be a terrible shame to end the series with this installment.
We never learn why these young men are friends.
That goes without saying.
So imagine how I was forced to watch it in complete.
Believe me going through hell is much much easier.
Or very bad too.
To tell you the damn truth Mr.
The movie is so UGLY.
His work is so primitive to underdeveloped extent.
OH MY GOD I have got the nausea already.
There are dreadful nightmares which could be more merciful than this.
I thought Freddy Mercury was a company man.
I never thought that his show was all that great.
The film is photographed pretty well and the acting is decent.
An easily forgotten movie.
Brutality and violence breed the same in return.
This can not be put on a shelf with the real gangster epics.
This movie is really a disgrace to movie goers.
So my offer above stands as.
Different continents or not.
So he shoots him.
Though i guess not.
They tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level.
The gags are quick and sometimes not even funny.
It turned the smallest subtleties of the slasher film genre into comedic gold.
They even miss obvious opportunities for parody.
The script needed a lot more time to age.
2 stars out of 5.
The first one was different and funny.
This attempt should have never left the studio.
This movie does not make you laugh.
It is a weak attempt at gross out humor.
This time the jokes seem used and overdone.
I know a few things that are worst.
It had a couple of funny scenes.
I was very disappointed by this movie.
James Woods was great.
But bad comedy is still bad comedy.
Scenes and jokes drag out way to long.
But it kept getting repeated to the point of annoying.
Some jokes even got repeated from the first movie.
But this time around it was out of place and not funny.
Tori Spelling was annoying and really had no place in this movie.
That is why this film is so disappointing .
they have a lot more comic ability than endless scat jokes.
Scary Movie 2 was a grave disappointment.
The movie plummets from there unfortunately.
The acting is awful.
Tori Spelling looks and acts completely out of place.
The movie looks hacked together and is surprisingly slow paced.
Things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.
It is sometimes regarded as the most intelligent form of humor.
The movie begins with promise.
Jokes from the first movie which were subtle or implied are magnified and overdone.
This is the pattern of the whole film.
If you wanna talk about something.
he has made one brilliant film and that is scary movie.
If you prefer your comedy with a few brain cells then just avoid this.
I wanted so much to enjoy this movie.
It moved very slowly and was just boring.
for soap opera saga possibly.
A waste of my time.
I think it is really worth avoiding.
It also fails to deliver its message in a convincing manner.
There are pretty landscape shots.
With lesser actors this show would be silly.
The lead character even says those who do not drink hide the shadow side.
All the artist did was limit himself to dime a dozen landscapes.
I tried to like it after reading all the first wow comments on here.
I had to dig deep to see those i agreed with.
I figure the great comments were from those connected to the movie.
I was moved only once towards the end.
The kid was way too passive.
The scenery was nice and the music ridiculous.
Just my opinion but nowhere show for me.
The acting is poor.
it would be untrue.
A tragically boring and dreary film.
Having seen Versus previously I had high hopes for Alive.
Alive did not deliver.
Loads of potential with the cast and the cool visuals.
The premise was intriguing but the payoff did not offset the build up.
Could have done so much more at the end.
It really needed more shock elements.
The film then abruptly ends.
In an effort to beat a dead horse.
You can pretty well fit the rest of the pieces together.
The rest is piffle.
So producers and directors would look to the stage to get actors.
Another limitation of early sound film was the technology of microphones.
There was usually one mike used in any given scene in this movie.
It goes on like this for a couple more people.
Those are only technical problems.
The story is a fictionalized account of what happened on the Titanic.
The characters are unbelievable and pointless.
No movie with Madeleine Carroll in its cast could possibly be unwatchable.
Watch it if nothing else is on T.
and even that was good for a few laughs.
The plot itself is very interesting and ingenious.
It would have been an outstanding film.
But the full length film is dull.
The trailers for this film were better than the movie.
What waste of talent and money.
The movie totally misses the mark.
Lot of hype for nothing.
The cheesy saxophone music throughout made the film worse as well.
And the ending had NOTHING to do with the rest of the film.
its just another studio contract movie relax and enjoy.
this is not the movie they play it up to be.
The characters do not act in any plausible way whatsoever.
There is even a sweet little kid with a video game who is nice.
This is a dumb movie.
Here is a little mind game for the readers.
He is in desperate need of a better agent.
She has done better.
She has had better roles.
My wife and I found this film to be highly unsatisfying.
I can not disagree with her on this one .
a robber would have shot him just to prevent later identification.
To them it was a desperate situation.
The whole thing even takes place in just one set.
Sadly that is not the case.
seen it many times.
The Movie is not worth it.
So it should be no surprise that the movie follows suit.
with the vivid exception of the spectacle of the main character getting.
But first time viewers should approach this one with lowered expectations.
This movie was absolutely terrible.
Do not waste your time with this movie.
I guess what really distracted me was the actors.
As far as this movie.
One star for at least trying to do a halfway decent makeup job.
say it with me.
This is a film made by King fans for King fans.
This move reminded my of Tales from the Crypt Keeper.
It has the same sort of idea of people get what they deserve.
I think that is always the them in a Crypt story.
The same goes for the bad acting.